	In the beginning, there were only two races on this newly found land.
Humans, and demons. There were two main humans, Nith, and Ruku. Nith was dressed in blue, Ruku in green. They were the first to find themselves on the land, but had no idea how they got there, or how they got the power of Aura. They wandered the bleak plains endlessly, looking for reason.
	There was only one demon to begin with. He created other, smaller demons, using power granted to him though his race. The head Demon's heart was full of greed and anger. He wanted to wipe the humans off the face of the planet, and rule it for himself. He journeyed thoughout the lands, trying to catch Nith and Ruku. Eventually, they met in a plain. The Demon lord had created 2 other Demons, who weren't as evilhearted as their creator, but were still forced to fight Nith and Ruku. They lost, but Nith and Ruku took pity on them, and let them survive. The Demon lord became enraged when he saw this, and attacked the two Demons. Nith and Ruku attacked the demon lord back, and so the first fight between the two races had begun. Nith and Ruku eventually won.
	The two demons were healed by Ruku, and decided to start anew with the race of demons. The humans and demons split paths, the humans to find a king, the demons to find a place to settle.
	Eventually, the humans came upon another human dressed in an excentric orange, wielding a large, kingly sword. The human had constructed a castle with other humans, and they were planning to create a village.
	Nith and Ruku joined with the growing village, and became it's royal guards.
At the same time, the demons were growing in force. They already had about 10 extra demons in their nomadic horde.
	One day, the demons came upon the human village, and asked for a place to settle. The king, the human dressed in orange, said they could settle in the scraplands. The demons accepted, and created a makeshift village out of the scraplands.
	One night, a cross-species of human and demon, created from one of the fights between a rogue demon creating another demon, and a human firing a shot of Aura at him at the same time, came upon the village.
The cross-species had hatred in his heart, and the power of both species within him. He attacked the human village, and Nith and Ruku were forced to defend. When the cross-species found he could not win, he turned his eye on the demon village. He charged into it, but was suddenly hit across the head by a young demon, by the name of Kuioko. Kuioko attacked the cross-species, but was soon pinned down. Nith came in suddenly, and killed the cross-species. Even though Kuioko's life had been saved, he felt nothing but hatred for Nith. It made him feel weak, useless. Kuioko started to train more and more, trying to get stronger, to prove that he could do more than just be a weak burden. After a few months of private training, he had gained horns. Horns were the ultimate power a demon could have. They unlocked the mind's great power, and put it to use in battle.
	Kuioko challenged Nith to a battle, and Nith accepted. The battle was only supposed to be a light spar, but Kuioko was striking to kill. Eventually, Nith had no choice, but to knock Kuioko unconcious. Kuioko saw this coming, though, and managed to halfway block the hit; and in doing that, accidentally made it an almost-fatal blow. He fell to the ground, many of his bones broken. Nith looked surprised, and ran over to Kuioko, trying to help. Kuioko shrugged him off, and was put in the demon village's hospital. A few nights later, Kuioko's hatred burst forth, healed his torn body, and blasted him out of the hospital. He ran from the village, knowing he would get stronger. Though the ages, Kuioko ran though other species' villages and towns, destroying all in his path, letting his hatred grow. During one battle, Kuioko suddenly had an intense burning in his skull. He fell back, and saw his enemy lunge for him. Suddenly, a gigantic eye burst forth from his horns, and blocked the enemy's hit. The eye then snapped in two, one half landing in Kuioko's hand, and transforming into a long, curving weapon. Kuioko didn't hesitate to tear his enemy apart with this new power, using amazing acrobatic skills and amazing speed. With it, he knew that he would be able to defeat Nith, and destroy the human species, and ultimately take over the world, for demonkind! Kuioko saw his attack against the human race as a divine calling from the first Demon.
	Meanwhile, a human warrior was traveling though the land. He was the first human to ever wield a weapon, even before the human king. He was travelling to find a place to settle as well, but before he could find it, he was confronted by a being of darkness. The darkness was in a gaseous form, and tried to take over the warrior. The warrior tried his best to defend, but ended up being taken over by the darkness. But his body was inexperianced in the arts of darkness, and soon whithered away, the darkness along with it. A few years later, a small boy of around 10 came to the human kingdom. He was dressed all in white, just like the warrior, and carried his sword. The child was named the Warrior Child, and was known for his inate fighting prowess.
	On a regular day, Nith and Ruku were taking a day off of guard duty. The whole town was in a restful state. Suddenly, a man, with his arm cut off, and scars all over him stumbled into the demon village. The humans and demons interrogated the human, to find out that he was attacked by a demon whose looks sounded like Kuioko. The human king and the demon leader consulted each other, and decided that it would be best to join forces, and prepare for Kuioko, since the man was certain he was coming this way. All of the demons assembled into rows in front of the human village. The humans of the village were herded to the castle. The king stood guard at the castle, and Nith, Ruku, and the Warrior Child stood behind the ranks of demons. Suddenly, a whistling sound could be heard. It got louder and louder, until it was a roar. A giant beam of dark energy blasted though one of the makeshift houses of the demon village. Kuioko walked through the falling rubble, cloaked in darkness, his horns permanent, and his right hand filled with energy, ready to shoot at anything. Before any of the demons could attack, Kuioko fired another shot of energy at the ranks of demons. The whole right side was taken out. 
	The rest of the demons ran at Kuioko, who dealed with them quickly, tearing off limbs and severing heads without a second look. Ruku jumped into the battle, and traded blows with Kuioko quickly. Kuioko punched him full in the stomach, and sent him flying back at the village. Nith started to charge up an energy attack while the Warrior Child ran at Kuioko, and fought him. The Warrior Child forced Kuioko up to a cliff, where they continued to battle. The Warrior Child then kicked Kuioko off the cliff, and slashed at him, making him fall faster. Nith then fired the energy he had been charging up. Kuioko was caught between the Warrior Child and the blast. As his ball of smoke fell to the ground, Kuioko could be seen being guarded by two halves of an eye. Kuioko twisted around, and slashed at the Warrior Child with the two curved weapons, and blocked Nith's sudden melee attack from behind. Suddenly, the human king came out of nowhere, and stabbed though the Demonic Eye. Kuioko grabbed him by the throat, covering one of his eyes as the Demon Eye screeched, and send a blast of energy at him from point blank range, sending him far up into the mountain. The Demon leader then engaged Kuioko in combat. Kuioko sliced him in half, and sent him blasting into another demon house. Nith and Ruku attacked Kuioko at once, trying to land a hit, but were continously forced away by Kuioko's savagery. Nith was knocked into a house, and Kuioko stood over him, ready to strike him down. As Kuioko struck, a small child from the village ran out, and kicked Kuioko sideways. Kuioko picked the child up by his hair, and threw him down roughly. Kuioko started to charge up more energy, but then, the child's father jumped out in the way of Kuioko, and took the blast of energy. The child saw his father get blown to nothingness, and rage started to overtake him. The child jumped on Kuioko in savage fury, and scratched out one of his eyes, and tore off his horns. Kuioko screamed in rage, and the weapons lifted off of him, and formed the eye. Nith and Ruku jumped into the battle, and got the child out of the battle. The Warrior Child joined Nith and Ruku, getting ready to fight Kuioko again. But before they could, the Demon eye opened, and swallowed them up. Inside of the eye, they started to be burned by intense energy, as images of past Demons swirled around them, moaning, while Kuioko forged power up from within him to regain his horns. Nith and Ruku were completely out of energy, but the Warrior Child wasn't. He brought up all his power, and blew it outwards in a gigantic explosion within the eye. The Demon Eye screeched, and tore in half, and burned to nothingness. Nith, Ruku, and the Warrior Child fell out of the burning corpse of the eye, the Warrior Child the only one left standing. Kuioko engaged in battle with the Warrior Child. The Warrior Child's sword broke during one of the clashes, and he was left open. Suddenly, the human king's sword flew to the Warrior Child, and he used it to fight off Kuioko. Their fight lasted for minutes that seemed like hours, and eventually they were back on the cliff. The Warrior Child tripped Kuioko, making him fall off the cliff, and jumped off after him, slicing his horns off, then his arms, then his legs, and finally, stabbing him though the heart. They both landed in a cloud of dust. The Warrior Child emerged, bruised and bloodied, but still alive. He yelled with victory in his heart, and the humans yelled back.
	The war against Kuioko had been won, but the entire demon race had been wiped out by Kuioko's rampage. The humans rebuilt their village, and made a statue dedicated to the demon race, and the previous king. The Warrior Child was named the new king, for he was the strongest in the village, and all returned to normal.
	As time went on, the Scraplands returned to their previous ruinlike state. But, there was something else in the Scraplands, that wasn't there before.
	A tablet, stained with blood, and faintly pulsing with demonic energy, during one of the nights, suddenly silently exploded forwards with energy. The energy formed into the shape of a demon child, but the child was thinner, and could sense that it had the power of many demons. This perfected demon ran from the human village and the Scraplands, wanting to preserve and nurture this new power. The thousands upon thousands of Demons constantly moaned and tried to talk to him in his mind.
	As time wore on, the demonic tablet shot out many forms of demons, each one getting more perfected and stronger. The imperfect demons attacked the human village, but were easily fought off by Nith and Ruku. Eventually, the original Demon Leader, from when the land first formed, came forth from the tablet. The battle insued, ending with Ruku being put in the makeshift hospital, next to the village. The next demon that came out was Kuioko himself, brought back to life in his full form. Nith, who was the only defender, was being beaten down, when suddenly a child from the village ran out to the Scraplands, and came back out riding on an Aura-powered vehicle. It had two barrels at the front, from which the child could shoot Aura blasts out of, and a spinning blade on the front. The child attacked Kuioko, and gave Nith time to catch his second wind. The two eventually took down Kuioko, and he disapated into dust.
	Meanwhile, the perfected demon took the shape of a new type of being, deserting his demon roots. He condensed power into his hands, and shot out an image of his new self, destroyed all his previous knowledge, and inhabited the new body. The demon could not deal with all of the other demon voices in his head screaming to kill the humans or to defend them. With the new body, the demon ran farther, out of the Land of Rutyr. But what the demon didn't realize, was that he had forgot to take out the rest of his Aura from the previous body. That body formed a conciousness out of the Aura, and sought after the humans again.
	After many other battles, the demon side of 'The Threat', such was his only name given to him by villages he attacked, went after the human village. Ruku was still in the hospital, his arm being repaired by the mechanic child, so Nith was the only defender. He fought violently with the Threat, and they seemed equal for a while, but Nith eventually defeated him, at the cost of the human village, the humans inhabiting it, and the Warrior Child. Ruku had been blasted out of the land by the Threat in the middle of the battle. Nith sealed the Threat in the demon tablet, and stayed nearby it, keeping an Auric shield around it, preventing him from escaping. In the final clash between Nith and the Threat, so much Aura had been released, it formed into a miniature sun, which immeditely blasted apart, it's power directed upward by Nith, and it formed a gigantic bubblelike shield around the land. Beings could enter the land, but none could escape. For the rest of his life he waited there, and his Aura eventually melded with the whole land, sealing the Demon Tablet eternally. The land within the bubble of Aura was named The Land of Rutyr. Outside the bubble, Ruku survived, and founded a kingdom called Ordor. The land he lived in was from then on called The Land of Nevoria.
	So ends the Tale of Rutyr
Daneth