Rasath jumped back from the intense energy that exploded from Gray Ash as he stood.
"This can't be...YOU WERE DEAD!!" Rasath yelled at Gray Ash.
Suddenly, the raging Reau condensed itself into Gray Ash, right above his skin, forming a shield around him.
He flashed out of existance, and a moment later, a gigantic crater was left in the ground where he was standing.
Rasath looked around quickly, then jumped high into the air.
Gray Ash flashed in under Rasath; then, grinding his teeth together, he looked up, and shot an immense wave of Reau at Rasath from his mouth.
The great roar filled the field, and Rasath barely had time to flash out of range. Even then he was blasted quite a bit away.
Gray Ash was instantly in front of him, eyes full of rage, hands transformed into claws by the Reau.
Gray Ash slashed at Rasath, who quickly dodged all of his attacks.
"I have to get him off the ground!" Rasath thought quickly. "Then I'll be able to unleash my true power..."
Rasath tripped Gray Ash with a quick underswipe, and jumped back.
Rasath suddenly felt intense pain in his leg that he had hit Gray Ash with. He looked down, to find it covered in fast-growing plants whose roots were growing into his skin! He rapidly burned them off with black fire.

"Forest Spirit...Hear me!" Gray Ash said within himself. 
"I SAID HEAR ME!!!" He roared.
"You should thank me, I'm saving your life." The spirit said.
"Listen, I have an idea."
"Well, what is it?"
"Just create a multitude of copies and let me take control, and hurry!"

Gray Ash swiped at the air, creating multiple dust devils, rising high into the sky. Rasath shot black flames into them and stopped the wind.
By then, Gray Ash had completed around 100 copies of himself, all rushing toward Rasath.
The real Gray Ash jumped back, and sat down to meditate.
"What are you thinking of, boy?" The spirit asked within Gray Ash.
"I'm mixing my Elven Mode with your energy." Gray Ash answered.
"WHAT?! What are you thinking?! Only pure spiritual energies can mix with mine! Elves, even though they are quite loyal to the forest, have their imperfections!"
"Just trust me-"
"This could end disastorously, perhaps defeating Rasath, but destroying your body and psyche forever."
"Just, trust me." Gray Ash said. "I know what I'm doing."
The Forest Spirit saw Gray Ash's father in his eyes.
"....Go on then..."
Gray Ash commenced meditating, while a wind stirred around him.

Rasath was enraged. He knew what Gray Ash was trying, and he couldn't let him succeed.
He jumped halfway into the air, spun around, and kicked the copy behind him into a row of others, while swiping his sword skyward, creating a gust of wind. The wind went in a spiral, collecting clouds. As Rasath continued fighting, the cloudcover got thicker and thicker. Suddenly, Rasath shot black flames into the sky. A second later, a giant spiraling column of darkness rained down upon the army of clones, disentigrating them where they stood.
Rasath looked to where the real Gray Ash was, and took a step back.

A cyclone had surrounded Gray Ash. His ears had legthened, his hands had sharp claws, his eyes were that of a wolf's and an elf's.
Rasath could sense an energy that had never been in one body before. He sensed...
White Fire...And Black Water...As one.

Gray Ash had done it. He stood up slowly, letting the Forest Spirit take half control, and him the other half.
"This power...It's not to harm...It feels like it's just...To protect.." Gray Ash thought.
"Yes...I see now what you were thinking. You have both elven qualities and human qualities, just like your mother and father. By mixing them together, you're their equal, perhaps even more."
"Heh...Then let's get this over with..."
Gray Ash looked skyward, and let out a yell that cleared the clouds.
"ALLORA!!!"
He then dashed toward Rasath, sword in hand, as the sun shined upon the ground once more.

Rasath had a mere millisecond to react, but it was enough. He blocked the sword with one hand, and with his other, he twisted his fingers around, and stabbed himself in the forehead, where his Reau-flow Seal was.
He twisted his hand clockwise 45 degrees.
"Unlocked.." He said.
Another 45 degrees.
"Reversed!"

He clenched the sword, and swung Gray Ash behind him. He then kept his momentum, created a black condensed fireball in each hand, and threw one at Gray Ash.
He then flashed out, and flashed back in behind Gray Ash. Gray Ash threw his sword to his other hand, blocked the incoming fireball with his free hand, and blocked Rasath with the other. Rasath threw the second fireball at extreme close range, making it implode on impact. This sucked everything within a 50 meter radius inside of it, including Gray Ash.

Gray Ash got up.
"Where...Am I?" he asked.
There was no response from out or inside him.
Suddenly, a great eye opened in the darkness. Then a second.
A whole face came into view. Rasath's.
A wicked smile grew on his face, stretching across the black sky.
"I've finally got you...Gray Ash..." the face said. "This is my domain, the region created inside me, linked by my Reau."
Gray Ash took a step back. He was inside Rasath's mind; Rasath could easily destroy his mental capabilities any second.
As black flames slowly stretched out from behind the face, about to enclose Gray Ash in a torturous chamber; there was an immense light, and the sketch of shoe on ground.

"Heh...I always have to protect you...Don't I?" Said Silver Wolf.
"It's...You!" Gray Ash said, stunned at his long lost friend's appearance. "I..thought Rasath destroyed you in here?"
"Heh...One's psyche cannot truely be destroyed when the body is already. I was defeated, yes, but I still lived on in Rasath's mind."
"Then I suppose we have one last fight together, Silver Wolf."
Silver Wolf nodded. He then sliced his dual longknives outwards, and did a backflip away from the tendrils of black fire.
"Always a showoff.." Gray Ash muttered.
The two got into their own unique fighting positions, and readied themselves for the battle within the mind of a madman.