Rasath stood over Gray Ash, who was barely concious.
"I must admit..You put up quite a good fight, Gray Ash...Almost more than your mother and father.."
Gray Ash looked at Rasath with a blurred rage mixed with grief in his eyes.
Rasath raised his sword. "I know even that Forest spirit inside of you is out of Reau, so I have no reason to be cautious of stabbing your heart.." He said maliciously.
Gray Ash tried to grit his teeth, and tried to condense some Reau into his immobilized arm. He managed to create a small orb of swirling wind, but that was all.
Rasath brought his sword down in a flash, but it seemed like a millienia.
Right before the sword hit, Gray Ash thought to the Spirit "I won't let you die too..." He then used his remaining stregnth to release the Forest Spirit, which tore his chest open. The Spirit escaped, and formed into a wolf at the edge of the battlefield. It started to run into the forest, but stopped, and looked back, grief in it's eyes.
Allora got up from where she was knocked out, and saw Gray Ash lying on the ground, about to be stabbed.
After what seemed years, Rasath's sword pierced Gray Ash's heart. Smiling at Gray Ash, whose eyes, which were looking into the sky, slowly clouded over.
"NOO!!" Allora screamed, and then was reduced to sobs while medics came for her.
As Gray Ash's conciousness slowly ebbed away, he let his head fall to the right, where Allora was being pulled away by medics. He saw her mouth 3 words through her tears.
"Don't be long."
Then, he looked back to the sky, and a single tear ran down his face; as darkness clouded the edges of his vision. Gray Ash had been defeated by Rasath.
The Forest Spirit howled in solemn grief.
The Allied Village forces' leading warrior was dead, the war was as good as lost now.

Years passed, and Rasath slowly took over the rest of the land. A despair-filled cloud fell over the world.
Rasath had accomplished his dream. The world was his, and his alone. He would no longer have to feel any pain.
