Explosions filled the midnight battlefield, which was decicrated from the ongoing battle. Strong winds blew in clouds which overhung the devestated land. Rain had started to fall, as if the sky was crying at the rage between two used-to-be friends.

Gray Ash clawed viciously at Zeno, who expertly dodged with amazing reaction time. Every failed attack Gray Ash made increased his rage, and amplified his power. Zeno knew this was a losing battle. He then jumped quickly to dodge Gray Ash's low-laying slash, and jumped off of the momentum from Gray Ash's upcoming claw. Zeno was blown high into the thundering sky.
He then started to release Reau that filled the air. Lightning flickered around the orb of condensed Reau Zeno was creating.
Suddenly, it all filtered down into Zeno himself. A huge lightningbolt struck Zeno, and he was shot downwards. He landed with an explosion.
As he got up, and the dust cleared, Gray Ash saw he was a completely different person.
The night seemed to hang in Zeno's hair, and the dark flames that slid over his skin seemed to glow with malice. The black Reau that surrounded Zeno, and Zeno himself, moved slowly; but Gray Ash could tell that both could move exponentially fast. He smiled casually at Gray Ash. "I didn't think I'd have to use this form.."
Gray Ash growled quietly.
"But it seems you're true power is more than I can take alone..."
Gray Ash then noticed that one of Zeno's eyes was completely black.
Suddenly, Zeno's expression changed. For a split second, he looked scared. It was then overtaken by his cool outer expression. He flashed out and flashed back in, a couple meters away. He notched an arrow in his bow.
Gray Ash charged up Reau between his hands, then split it in half.
"DOUBLE REAU FIST!!" He screamed and howled. He half-flashed out, and, exploding Reau from his feet, flew at Zeno.
Zeno released the arrow, which then grew into a black comet.
Gray Ash and the comet collided, and then exploded.
Zeno squinted, and saw Gray Ash going at the same speed as before he hit the comet, flying at him.
Zeno created a sword out of the darkness that surrounded him, and expertly parried the oncoming Gray Ash. There was an explosion, so bright that Gray Ash had to close his eyes for a split second. Zeno stood unfazed, and saw the opening. He drew his knife, surrounded it with dark Reau, and stabbed Gray Ash in the stomach with it. Gray Ash screamed and howled like a wolf, and suddenly slammed his other hand sideways into Zeno's sneering face.
Zeno was blown several miles to the right. Gray Ash followed rapidly, on all fours, pulling out the knife and throwing it at Zeno, who got up slowly, and dodged the oncoming projectile.
Zeno re-created his sword, and engaged Gray Ash in the explosive combat. They both parried, blocked, stabbed, and slashed in all directions and ways, but neither could land a hit.
The rage between the two intensified as the fight wore on. The surrounding storm started to roll with continous thunder, and shoot down lightning all around.
Gray Ash and Zeno's fight started to get faster, and faster. Eventually getting to the speed where their arms were just a blur.
Suddenly, a thunderbolt shot down between the two, who both shook off the hit like it was nothing. They were both blasted quite a distance apart.
Gray Ash started to build up a massive amount of Reau into his right hand, which was covered by his left hand.
Zeno built up equally massive Reau in his hand.
Gray Ash's Reau condensed into his Reau Fist, at it's maximum power, opaque; and the same happened to Zeno's Reau Claw.
The two shot at each other, leaving craters where they once stood.
"ZENO!!!" Gray Ash yelled.
"GRAY ASH!!!" Zeno yelled back.
There was nothing but rage in their voices.
They both collided, sending a tempest of wind blasting apart of the clash.
Flames, explosions, tornados, and lightningbolts emanated from the clash.
The disasters around them intensified, and got bigger, until finally, the clash exploded in a extremely bright, white light.
Gray Ash managed to close his eyes in time, but Zeno didn't see it coming.
The explosion blew them apart, but the tempest of wind kept them from going miles away. They dropped to the ground a few feet from each other, both too exhausted to continue the fight.
As the sun rose over the bloody night, the clouds slowly started to part. The sunlight showed the full devestation the fight had caused.
Allora awoke early, and found that both Gray Ash and Zeno were gone. She, in panic, rose on a platform of metal to search the area.
She saw a mountain a couple miles away that had a huge dent in it.
"It's a good start..." she muttered to herself. She then rode on the metal she created from the ground to the battlefield.
When she arrived, she saw both Gray Ash and Zeno laying on the ground, bloodied up, and unconcious. She screamed, and rushed over to Zeno. She immediately started to apply herbs to his wounds.
Gray Ash heard the ruckus, and opened his eyes. The first things he saw were the light, puffy clouds and the sunlight. He slowly got up, and then fell back down, clutching at his wounded stomach. Allora looked over to Gray Ash, and saw that he was concious. She ran over to him and started to apply herbs to his wounds.
Once he was able to sit up, she slapped him across the face.
"Oww..Allora what th-" Gray Ash said absently.
"What do you think you two were doing out here?!" she screamed. "How could you two fight at a time like this?!"
"Allora, we were just.."
Suddenly, Zeno sat up. He was oblivious, feeling around his face.
Allora rushed over to him, throwing questions at him. He didn't answer, he just kept feeling around his face.
"Allora...Are..My eyes open?" He asked.
"Yeah..Why?" She answered.
Zeno's mouth opened slightly.
Allora then realized Zeno had gone blind.
By this time, Gray Ash had crawled over to where Allora and Zeno sat.
"I don't get it...Why are his eyes all blurred over?"
"You idiot!!" Allora sobbed. "You blinded him!!"
Gray Ash's eyes widened. "I..No..But...He.." He stuttered.
Zeno sat with his head down.
As Allora and Gray Ash argued, Zeno looked up.
"Don't worry.." He said quietly. "I can still fight..All I'll have to do is train so I can hear better.."
Allora wiped her tears away. "That's Zeno for you..Never gives up.."
"Yeah yeah...Help me up so I can walk.."
The three then headed back to their campsite, Allora still asking questions and yelling at Gray Ash.
Gray Ash and Zeno looked opposite ways the whole walk back. Their friendship was truely severed.