Thwak!
Thwak!
Thwak!
	"I can't take any more of this!" Gray Ash grumbled, sitting on the ground. "I've been at this for an hour!"
	"C'mon, just one more time Gray Ash, you'll get it this time."
Gray Ash was a 14 year old adolecent of a small, unamed village. He had brown hair, with silver-blue eyes, and wore a faded white headband on his forehead.
	"Fine.." Gray Ash grumbled. He got up, and took aim at the target on the tree. He threw his last knife with all his might.
Thwak! Gray Ash opened his eyes. The knife had struck the base of the tree behind the one he was aiming at.
Blue Fire, Gray Ash's instructor, held his face in his hand, while Gray Ash went on ranting that the tree was jinxed.
	"Blue Fire! I bet you put some kind of Reau..diversion...thingy on that tree!" Gray Ash said suspiciously, eyes squinted.
	"No! Why would I do that?!" Blue Fire said exasperatedly.
	"To make me miss, just so I won't get into real Reau training!"
	"What reason would I have to do that?"
	"Be..Because...Uh.." Gray Ash started to say, trying to think up a reason.
Blue Fire sighed and said "Fine...Go forage a bit and get back to the village..".
	"Thanks!" Gray Ash said, instantly out of his moping condition. He ran back to the village, picking berries off bushes.
Gray Ash came upon the large gate that was the enterance to his village.
Hands full of exotic berries, he hurried to his grandmother, Yellow Flower's house.
When he arrived, he dropped them off, and said he was going to the Elder's training grounds.
When he got there, he climbed up his favorite tree, and took out his wooden sword. It was in curved katana style, made out of oak. He focused Reau into his index finger, and started to chip away small pieces of wood.

	A few minutes later, Gray Ash heard a small whistling sound. He looked up, and saw a small knife coming at him.
He dodged out of the way, and in doing so, overexerted his Reau, chipping a piece of wood off his sword, and falling out of the tree.
Gray Ash managed to throw his sword out of the way in time, and landed on the ground, face first.
He looked up, a small bruise on his face, and saw his grandmother laughing at the enterance to the training field. He then looked up at the knife supposedly stuck in the tree, only to see it turn into a stick with a small release of Reau.
	"Grandmother!! Why would you do that!!" He yelled annoyedly.
	"Seems an old woman is better at your training than you are." She said in between snickers.
Gray Ash grumbled and picked up his sword. He looked poutedly down at the ground.
Yellow Flower stood there, looking at Gray Ash with a small smile playing at her lips.
Gray Ash started to smile, and then snickered, which then grew into laughter.
The two laughed as they walked back to their hut.
They ate dinner while talking and laughing, and all was well in the small village.
But, as the sun set over the treetops, something much more dark and sinister was stirring.

							*****


	In the darkness of the sole tower on the ridge leading to unknown lands, darkness moved.
A form came to shape in the slowly moving darkness.
The form raised a hand, and called out to the darkness "Black Fire, come."
There was a flash of flames, and a tall figure, dressed in a black robe with two thick white lines crossing diagonally, appeared. His face was hidden by the darkness, but you could see the seriousness in his mouth.
	"Yes..Master?" He said as he kneeled.
	"It is time.." The dark form rasped out. "To start the attack."
Black Fire kept the same sturdy kneeled form, not reacting.
	"Gather your troops..And head here." The dark form shot a wisp of black string at Black Fire, and it embedded in his head.
Black Fire nodded, the image of the place in his mind, and stood up. He extended his arms out to either side, and disappeared in flames.


							*****


	The next morning at the village, Gray Ash woke up to find his grandmother gone.
	"Hm...Must've gone out to get some breakfast?" He muttered sleepily to himself. He went outside, stretched, and looked at the rising sun. "Heheh, now I can finally have some time to work on my sword!" He climbed up to the rooftop of the hut, and started to use Reau to mould the sword into shape.
An hour later, Gray Ash looked up. He saw a mass around the main gate.
	"Wonder what's all the fuss?"
He jumped down from the roof, and ran over to where the crowd was.
When he got there, he squeezed his way through to the middle, to find Yellow Flower, beaten and bruised, but still standing straight, handing a report to one of the Elders.
	"Grandmother!" He yelled, and ran over to her. "What happened to you?!"
	"Gray Ash..Don't worry." She said calmly. "I'm fine."
	"Yellow Flower, ma'am, follow me to the medic's hut." One of the Elder's guards said.
Yellow Flower followed the guard, and said to Gray Ash "Don't leave the village."
Gray Ash walked back to his hut, watching all of the village's guards assemble around the wooden walls.
	"What's going on here.." He mumbled curiously to himself.
A few hours later, Yellow Flower came back to the hut, bandaged up, but still full of energy.
	"Gray Ash," she said. "Come, I must train you as much as I can."
	"Wh..What?" Gray Ash said, confused. "Train me? For what?"
	"Just hurry." Yellow Flower said.
She then took him to the Elder's training field.
Gray Ash stood on one side, Yellow Flower on the other.
	"Now, I suppose I can't train you without you knowing what's going on." Yellow Flower said.
Gray Ash stayed silent, anxious to hear Yellow Flower's explanation.
	"I won't beat around the bush..So here it is." She said calmly. "Our village is going to be attacked."
	"Attacked?!" Gray Ash said, surprised. "By who?!"
	"Rasath." Yellow Flower said.
	"Who..Who's Rasath?"
	"Rasath is the man who killed your mother and father."
Gray Ash took a step back.
	"B..But..You said they died in an earthquake-caused landslide.."
	"The landslide was caused by Rasath..." Yellow Flower said, head down. "I would've told you sooner, but I thought he had left this land.."
Gray Ash was heartbroken. His parents had been murdered, not died by natural causes.
	"Regardless, Rasath is amassing an army, or, already has, to take over the land." Yellow Flower said.
	"So...What's this got to do with me?"
	"I must train you for two reasons; one, to defend yourself from attacks by Rasath's army. Two, to defeat Rasath himself."
	"Wh..What?!" Gray Ash said. "How could I-"
	"Your parents, White Fire, and Black Water, were the only ones who could stand up to him. Their blood runs within you."
	"But..I.." Gray Ash stuttered.
	"Now! Ready yourself!" Yellow Flower got into a fighting position, and put her hand to the ground. Leaves and sticks started to swirl around her hand, eventually becoming a small dust storm. When she removed her hand from the chaos, a perfect image of her stood next to her, except you could see all of the sticks and leaves it was made out of. Yellow Flower put her hand to the clone's back, and filtered Reau into a skin for the clone, which made it into a perfect copy of her.
	"This is what you'll fight." She said.
	"But..I can't fight my own grandmother!"
Yellow Flower sighed and said, "Fine.." She then mixed up the skin into the image of a humanoid rock.
	"These are called Golems." She said. "They're the most common warriors in Rasath's army."
Gray Ash gulped and said, "Really..? How..Many does he have?"
	"From the numbers I saw, over ten thousand."
Gray Ash's eyes widened.
	"Ten thousand?!" He yelled. "How am I supposed to fight ten thousand warriors?!"
	"You must go to the other villages, that aren't taken over by Rasath yet, and create an army." Yellow Flower returned. She then pointed at Gray Ash, and the Golem sprang into action.
Gray Ash quickly got into a defensive position, and blocked the Golem's crushing frontal blow.
	"What the.." He murmured. The wooden sword didn't break from the heavy blow from the Golem.
	"That sword of yours is infused with your Reau, Gray Ash." Yellow Flower said. "It is only as unbreakable as your Reau is."
Gray Ash stared at his sword for a second, but didn't have time to digest the thoughts.
	The Golem's other hand came swinging from the side. Gray Ash jumped to the left, and swung his sword around to meet with the Golem's incoming hand. The blow knocked the Golem off balance, and it stumbled to the side. Gray Ash, suddenly remembering that the Golems were creations of Rasath, who had murdered his parents, concentrated Reau into his fingers on his right hand, and then condensed it all into a fist, and in a fit of rage, ran at the Golem.
	"HYAA!" He yelled, and punched the stumbling Golem with the Reau-infused fist straight in the low chest. The Golem looked at Gray Ash's fist with a look of surprise, and then was blown backwards by the sudden explosion. Gray Ash flew backwards too, into the tree he had been sitting on.
Yellow Flower looked at Gray Ash with an expression of surprise on her face.
	"It seems your parents...Really did.." She said slowly.
Gray Ash climbed out of the fallen leaves. "What?" He said, wiping the dust from his face.
	"Your parents actually did it..They've contained the Spirit of the Forest..That Reau..It's unmistakable!"
	"What're you talking about?"
Yellow Flower looked Gray Ash in the eye, and said, "Gray Ash, your parents..They were researchers for this village, who studied the capabilities of Reau."
Gray Ash stayed silent, listening intently.
	"It seems they've discovered and managed to tame..No..Not tame..But just contain, the very essence of the forest."
	"I..Still don't get what's going on." Gray Ash said, scratching his head. "I didn't know that forests had spirits.."
	"Everything in this world has some amount of untapped Reau, Gray Ash." Yellow Flower explained. "The Spirit of the Forest is just a massive accumaltion of Reau that the forest itself has exerted while growing."
	"Does that mean there's Spirits for, say, lakes and rivers, clouds, and that kind of stuff?"
	"Yes, and you're parents managed to contain all of the Reau from the forest, probably controlling it between themselves."
	"Whoa.." Gray Ash said in amazement. His parents must've been beyond belief. "So wait...How do I have the Spirit of the Forest inside me if only my parents were able to contain it?"
	"They must've contained it before you were born Gray Ash, which means a new Forest Spirit grew inside of you, using a symbiotic bond between your Reau and it's." Yellow Flower said. "So as you grow, so does the Forest Spirit..Amazing.."
Gray Ash gazed at his hands. "So the kind of power it takes to stand up to an army is stowed away inside of me..?"
	"Now, Gray Ash, I think I'll double the training.." Yellow Flower said suddenly; stretching both hands out to the ground, creating two Golems.
Gray Ash got into a defensive position, readying himself for the powerful onslaught.
	The two Golems rushed towards him, fast for their size. One went to the right, while the other came straight on. Gray Ash looked to the right, and saw the Golem coming from the right start tearing up a young but large tree. He had to suddenly block, and then dodge the oncoming Golem's charge. It then swung around, barely missing Gray Ash, who got close to the ground, focused Reau into the sharp side of his blade, and sliced off one of the Golem's legs. The heavy Golem slowly fell over, unable to get back up, right as the second Golem who had been plucking a tree from the ground, swung it at Gray Ash. He swung his sword upwards to block the tree, but was blown backwards by the power of it. He slammed into the wooden fence surrounding the training area, while the Golem dropped the tree, and ran at the fallen Gray Ash.
	Gray Ash stood up slowly, wiping blood from his lip, and his eyes widened as he saw the oncoming Golem. He tried to grab his sword, but found that it had fallen far away. In a split second decision, he jumped out of the way, while focusing Reau into his feet. As soon as the Golem passed by his mid-air legs, he shot the condensed Reau out of his feet, blasting the Golem sideways.
	Meanwhile, the Golem that got it's leg cut off was charging up Reau, taking it from the sticks and leaves of it's creation. It focused the Reau into it's fist, and smashed it on the ground. The resulting explosion was focused forwards, stacking up rocks towards Gray Ash.
	Gray Ash, still joyful over his defeat of the second Golem, didn't see the stack of rocks coming towards him. They crashed into him, sending him flying forwards and upwards. He came crashing back down through the treetop. As he slowly got up, he saw where his sword had fallen, he rushed over to it, grabbed it, and then ran towards the remaining Golem. It, still recovering from the Reau consumption, couldn't do anything as Gray Ash sliced it's head off. It instantly fell back to the sticks and leaves it was made of.
	"Huff..huff.." Gray Ash panted.
	"Hm, good job." Yellow Flower said.
	"Th..Thanks.." Gray Ash said wearily.
	"It's amazing you're still concious after using that much Reau." Yellow Flower said, a smile on her lips. "Seems you inherited quite a lot of potential power from your parents."
	"Heh...Thanks.." Gray Ash said, wobbling on his feet. He then fell over, passed out from exhaustion.

							*****


When Gray Ash awakened, he was in his bed in his hut.
	"Uggh.." He moaned, trying to move.
	"Don't move yet, your body is still rejuvenating it's Reau. You used too much in the training."
Gray Ash looked up, and saw Yellow Flower mixing something in a bowl.
	"Here, eat this, it'll speed up your Reau rejuvenation."
Gray Ash, still tired beyond recognition, took a bite of the slightly slimey green goop from the bowl. He instantly sat up, choking.
	"G..Gurk! Blech!!" He spit out the goop, and held his throut, which was burning. "What..What was that?!?" He yell/choked.
	"A remedy made from healing herbs and infused with a small amount of Reau." Yellow Flower returned, seemingly unaware of Gray Ash's reaction, still stirring the bowl of remedy.
	"It tastes horrible!"
	"It's not supposed to taste good; here, eat some more."
	"No wa-" Before Gray Ash could refuse, Yellow Flower had stuffed a spoonful into his mouth. His cries of digust echoed through the village as the sun set.

							*****


	That night, Yellow Flower and Gray Ash sat by their fire, eating their dinner. Gray Ash drank extra water, still trying to get the disgusting rejuvenation remedy taste out of his mouth.
After another gulp of water, Gray Ash asked, "Yellow Flower..?"
	"Yes?" She said.
	"What..What were my parents like?"
Yellow Flower was silent for a while, staring into the flames. She put down her bowl.
	"Your parents were the greatest warriors the world has ever known." She said slowly, still gazing into the flames.
Gray Ash listened solemnly.
	"Your father, my son, was the more straight-on powerful person of the two, while your mother was more of the scientific, brainiac type. They founded this village, and protected it with their lives, fighting off any attack fearlessly."
Gray Ash took a sip of water, and looked into the flames like Yellow Flower.
	"They made some of the best scientific discoveries on Reau in their research, and brought an amazing peace through the land; as they were able to listen to other's problems and compensate themselves for it. They took every burden they came across upon themselves."
	"Taking other's burdens.." Gray Ash thought to himself.
	"Until...One day, when you were just an infant, rumors of Rasath and his army flew across the peaceful land. They said that Rasath would reject peace and tranquility, forgiveness and love; and destroy everything in his path for an unknown reason. Horrifying stories stole the peace away, and the allied land started to panic. Then, White Fire, your mother, and Black Water, your father, took it upon themselves to prepare an army to face Rasath's oncoming one. If Rasath would not welcome given kindness, then they would strike back twice as hard as he struck them."
Gray Ash felt a lump rise in his throut.
	"The Allied Village Army was complete in just a few months. It was the largest army ever recorded in this land. Your mother and father led it, known for fearing nothing. One fateful day, the Allied Village Army met with Rasath's army in a large field, and they prepared for battle. Rasath had built a tower on a ledge there, and that's where he resided. He let his Golem army take care of the Allied Village Army. The two armies were pretty much evenly matched, Reau versus amazing physical stregnth. When the Allied Village Army thought it was winning, Rasath suddenly strode onto the wartorn field. He blasted away everything in his path without a second glance. When his warriors were injured, he would put his hand to their head and suck out their Reau, leaving them a pile of stones. When your parents saw this ferocity, they went out to meet Rasath to battle him one on one."
Gray Ash leaned in.
	"Rasath smiled menacingly, and shot out spikes of Reau, I think. I was staying behind in the army. Regardless, your parents deflected the spikes easily. Your mother left your father to defend from the spikes while she took out a mix of searing herbs from her pocket, and shot it at Rasath with a burst of Reau. Rasath looked her way, and a spike shot up to take the blow of the concoction, and then shot out to attack White Fire. Your father created a clone of himself, like I showed you in today's training, and the clone defended your mother, who was charging up Reau for another attack. She created three more clones from pure Reau, so they would last more hits. She then sent them out to attack Rasath, who was having trouble holding off your father, who was using his Reau to create many swords, and when they broke from the pressure, he would throw their remains at Rasath, who would have to block them while your father created more to attack the already busy spikes. White Fire then shot out hundreds of shots of Reau, curving at an angle towards Rasath. She then ran around him, shooting more and more arcing Reau shots. By now Rasath was starting to get annoyed, and dark tendrils of Reau rose up around him, more menacing than the ones before. They shot out, forcing White Fire to stop her assault and block them. Rasath raised his arm, and pointed one finger towards the sky. Dark clouds came seemingly out of nowhere, and started to swirl above Rasath. Lightning struck down, hitting the tallest things in sight. Rasath started to charge up a massive amount of Reau into a small sphere at the tip of his finger. As the winds rose, so did his hair, and you could see the bloodlust in his eyes. The sphere of dark energy then exploded upwards, sending out pulses of amazing amplitude into the sky, which started to shoot down lightning more often, slowly turning darker. Black Water was beginning to sweat, and weaken, as did White Fire. Suddenly, the tendrils of dark Reau retreated back to Rasath, and black lightning surrounded him. He shot a blast of Reau into the ground, and it started to swell. 'I WILL CREATE ARMEGEDDON!' he screamed into the roaring storm, and the swelling ground rose as tall as a mountain. Rasath stood at the top, still pointing upwards. The rising mountain then peaked, and the ground started to rumble. Multiple tornadoes touched ground, and swept up troops by the thousands. Both armies started to run, trying to get away from the terrifying power of Rasath. Suddenly, out of nowhere, the mountain exploded with the force of a hundred earthquakes. Lava spewed out, along with black ash, which covered the sky, mixing with the tornadoes."
Gray Ash's eyes were wide, taking in the story.
	"Your mother and father looked at each other, and ran together at Rasath. They then grasped each other's hand, and held it in the air. Massive, unbroken stores of Reau stored in their minds released, and their last attack together took shape. A gigantic silver ball reached up to the sky, and shot out bursts of Reau like solar flares from the sun. Rasath suddenly appeared in front of them, and sneered at the amazing attack. 'So, is this the best you can do?' His calm voice resounded above the eruption of the volcano behind him. Your mother and father looked at each other, then to the giant ball of Reau. They then looked at Rasath, who was still sneering. They both threw the attack at once, yelling together, in their final moment. 'FREEDOM!'. The attack hit Rasath full on, as he watched, a smile of amazement on his face. The attack imploded upon Rasath, taking in White Fire and Black Water as well; killing them. Rasath yelled once, and dispersed the gigantic blast. Suddenly, all of the dispersed Reau formed into two shapes; the shapes of your parents. The images of them both then flew at Rasath, who had no time to react. As they blasted with all their energy through him, the volcano collapsed upon his falling form. I do not know how he escaped, but somehow he did. And it appears he's back with even more force now. Your parent's legacy was a great one, they died for their cause. Tell me Gray Ash, will you follow their path, or abandon this land to migrate somewhere else?"
Gray Ash was silent for a while, still taking in the amazing story.
	"I..." he said slowly. He clenched his cup of water.
Gray Ash looked up with a look of determination in his eyes.
	"I shall do neither." He said confidently. "I plan to change Rasath's mind about this world, I plan to show him that peace and forgiveness do exist! And if defeating him is what it takes..."
He blinked away tears from his eyes.
	"Then that's what I'll do!!!"
Yellow Flower smiled solemnly at Gray Ash.
	"I'm proud of you, Gray Ash." She said, tears in her eyes as well.

							*****

	The next day, Gray Ash went out to the training field, as told to by Yellow Flower. It was early in the morning, as Yellow Flower's training regiment was harsh. Gray Ash rubbed his eyes sleepily as he looked at the brightening horizen.
	"Ahem." A voice said.
Gray Ash turned around, and saw Yellow Flower standing at the enterance to the training field beside a person of his age. He had dark hair, a thin build, and wore a gray shirt with slightly darker pants. His eyes were dark brown tinged with the faintest of blues.
	"Who's this guy?" Gray Ash asked, yawning.
	"This is Zeno." Yellow Flower explained. "He will join you on your journey to re-build the Allied Village Army."
	"This guy?" Gray Ash said, clasping his hands behind his head relaxedly.
Zeno's eyes narrowed.
	"I am not 'this guy'." Zeno said darkly. "My name is Zeno."
Gray Ash looked at Zeno annoyedly.
	"Pfft, whatever. But he better not slow me down." He said casually.
	"Oh, don't worry about that." Yellow Flower said.
	"Whaddaya mea-" Gray Ash was cut off by Zeno suddenly running towards him.
Gray Ash whipped out his sword, ready to block Zeno's oncoming attack; but suddenly Zeno was behind him. He held a knife to Gray Ash's throut.
	"You'd be dead." He said evenly, then put away the knife and walked over to the opposite side of the field.
Gray Ash stood, wide eyed, at the power he had just witnessed.
	"So what's the training today..?" Gray Ash muttered, a shot to his pride taken by Zeno.
	"You two will work together to defeat five Golems." Yellow Flower said.
	"Allright.." Gray Ash said.
	"Fine by me.." Zeno said, looking away.
Yellow Flower stretched her arms out, and created a Golem from each. Those Golems then created two more, and Yellow Flower created the last one.
	"Golems usually travel in packs from two to ten, so this will simulate a squad of Golems attacking you." She said.
Gray Ash took out his sword, and Zeno took out a bow and notched an arrow in it. Gray Ash looked over at Zeno.
	"I don't think that simple arrows will do much against giant stone monsters." He snickered.
Zeno looked on, oblivious.
The Golems then split up, one going straight on, and then one on each side coming from two different directions.
Gray Ash ran at the oncoming one, while Zeno suddenly shot two arrows, which had been enhanced with Reau, at the Golems coming from the side. The arrows burst through the Golems, but did minimal damage. The rate that Zeno was firing them made up for that.
Zeno saw he wasn't going to be able to defeat both with just arrows, so he focused most of his arrows at the left Golem, which fell after 10 more arrows blasted through it. Suddenly, the rightside Golem was right behind Zeno. He spun around, and took out two knifes which he kept hidden in his quiver. He blocked the downward punch of the Golem, but was being slowly pushed back by it's intense physical power. Zeno was low on Reau from the arrows, so he had to hold off the Golem for as long as he could until he could focus more Reau into his knives to create a real attack. Suddenly, the other arm of the Golem swept in low, and hit Zeno full force in the stomach. He went flying backwards, crashing into the fence.
	Meanwhile, Gray Ash was dealing with the main Golem, which Yellow Flower had infused with two times the normal Reau of a Golem. He dueled quickly with it's crushing and speedy hits. He blocked a forward punch to the torso, and pushed with all his might forwards. Suddenly, he focused all of his power upwards and left, which threw the Golem off balance. Gray Ash took the chance, and stabbed through the Golem's midsection. The Golem looked down at the sword penetrating his thick stone hide, and, in anger, clasped Gray Ash on both sides, and picked him up. Gray Ash squirmed and yelled, while the Golem suddenly opened a mouth that stretched all the way from the left to the right of it's head. It swallowed Gray Ash, and suddenly grew more powerful from the Reau it started leeching from Gray Ash.
	"What an idiot.." Zeno muttered, wiping blood from the corner of his mouth, emerging from the crushed fencepiece. He then sent Reau into his double knives, and rushed at the Golem who had hit him. It blocked with one arm, which was instantly sliced off. It looked shocked for a second, but before it could attack again, Zeno had leaped over it, cutting through it's head. It collapsed into sticks and stones.
	Gray Ash could be heard yelling from inside the Golem that swallowed it. Zeno ran at that Golem, but was suddenly blocked by the two other Golems, who had been waiting behind.
	"Darnit.." Zeno growled, and took out his bow. He notched one of his knifes into the bow, filtered Reau into it, and shot it at the leftside Golem. As soon as it was hit, it blew up into a whirlwind of sticks and leaves. He did the same with the one on the right. He then picked up his knives as he ran at the powered up Golem. Before he could hit it though, it's midsection exploded as Gray Ash yelled, and sliced it open with an intense burst of Reau. The shocked Golem imploded, and Gray Ash was hailed with debris.
	"Heh...Heheh, not too hard.." He said, panting.
Zeno stayed silent, trying to conceal his weariness.
Yellow Flower frowned.
	"You two need to work together if you're going to survive Rasath's onslaught." She said cuttingly.
	"Pfft, we can do just fine wit-" Gray Ash was cut off.
	"Teamwork is the line between life and death!" Yellow Flower said suddenly. "It's your choice." She walked away, leaving Gray Ash and Zeno to their thoughts.
	"Hmph.." Zeno said, then walked away.
Gray Ash got up, supported by his sword.
	"How am I supposed to work with a guy like him..?" He thought angerly to himself.

							*****

The next day, Gray Ash went out again to the training field, where Zeno was waiting.
	"Where's Yellow Flower?" Gray Ash asked sleepily.
	"Don't know." Zeno answered.
	"Probably preparing some super special training regiment."
	"Hm, sounds like it might be a ghost of a challenge."
	"That's the most you've ever said to me."
	"I wasn't specifically talking to you."
Gray Ash squinted at Zeno, and he returned the look.
They waited a few more minutes, while the sun slowly rose.
Zeno suddenly turned around, and pointed at Gray Ash.
	"Rasath is mine to kill, remember that."
	"Wh..What?" Gray Ash said, caught off guard by Zeno's sudden anger.
	"Just keep in mind that I'll be the one to kill Rasath."
	"What?! No way! My reason for going to Rasath is to make him embrace peace, not to kill him!"
	"Then your reason is astray."
Yellow Flower suddenly entered the training field with two other adults.
	"Hello there you two."
Zeno and Gray Ash stopped their angry conversation and looked at Yellow Flower.
	"This is Red Water," She pointed to her right. "And this is Blue Fire." She pointed to her left.
	"Blue Fire?! What're you doing here?" Gray Ash exclaimed.
	"Hello Gray Ash." Blue Fire said merrily. "I'm here to help you with your training."
	"Allright! Wait...You can fight?"
Blue Fire slumped over. "OF COURSE I CAN!"
	"Hm, never knew that.."
Blue Fire angrily crossed his arms, his pride hurt, while Gray Ash snickered in the background. Zeno stayed back, not looking at the newcomers.
	"Now, you two will fight both Blue Fire and Red Water together. They work on a team, so they know what teamwork is. I want you to take in their strategies, and try to apply them to yourselves."
	"Heheh! This should be easy!" Gray Ash said.
	"Don't expect it to be, Gray Ash, we're going all out." Blue Fire said, getting into a fighting stance, holding a katana that looked like Gray Ash's, but longer, and made of metal. Red Water grinned and did the same, holding dual knuckle spikes.
Gray Ash held his sword in front of him, filtering Reau into it, while Zeno notched two arrows into his bow, and charged them up with Reau.
A wind whipped through the scene, throwing leaves into the air.
	"Go!" Yellow Flower said, and jumped back, away from the battlefield.
The two teams launched at each other, Gray Ash taking on Blue Fire, Zeno taking on Red Water.
	Gray Ash locked blades with Blue Fire.
	"Let's see how much Reau you've powered up your blade with." He said, and shot a quick burst of Reau into his sword, amping up it's slicing ability. The force of it sent Gray Ash skidding back a bit, but leaving him uncscathed.
	"Hm! Seems like you've done it right.." He said, and grinned. He then brought Reau to his nondominant hand, and transformed it into fire. He then ran the flaming hand along the legnth of his sword. The sword caught fire immediately. He then sprinted at Gray Ash, who filtered almost half of his Reau into his sword. They clashed blades again, sending sparks and shots of flames everywhere. They dueled quickly, parrying, blocking, slicing, each trying to land one hit. Gray Ash was starting to get tired. He was being pushed back by the power of Blue Fire's hits.
	Meanwhile, Zeno was dealing with Red Water, who based his attacks on Reau transformed into water. Zeno shot five arrows at him quickly, but they were blocked by a wave of water conjoured up by his opponent. Red Water drew up a medium sized wave, and rode it quickly towards Zeno, preparing for a powerful punch with the knuckle spikes. Zeno whipped out his dual knives, and charged at Red Water. They locked hands, weapon for weapon. Zeno took a step back, trying to gain some leverage, but accidentally tripped on a small root sticking out of the ground. He fell down backwards, and the power of the wave that Red Water was riding washed over him.
	Red Water and Blue Fire suddenly jumped back together from their fights. Zeno got up, soaked, and Gray Ash stayed on his feet holding his sword against the ground, panting.
Blue Fire and Red Water put their hands out in front of them, and charged up Reau, Red Water's being in the form of a ball of water, Blue Fire's being in an orb of fire. Once the elemental orbs were big enough, they mixed them together, creating a giant bi-elemental, swirling vortex of energy. They then threw it at Zeno, and immediately after, they both lunged at Gray Ash.
	Zeno had no time to react, other than to block with both his arms. The vortex crashed into him, and blasted him backwards, sending him flying into a boulder jutting from the ground. As the dust cleared, he could be seen just barely behind the vortex, still trying to defend himself against the powerful attack. He gritted his teeth, and tried to not let his rage take over. He couldn't afford it right now. He looked out of the corner of his eye at Gray Ash, who was struggling to defend himself from the two attackers. Suddenly, Gray Ash fell, and Blue Fire and Red Water attacked him simultaneously. Zeno's rage suddenly overtook him, and he exploded with intense, dark Reau. The vortex disapated as Zeno's Reau blasted it apart. Zeno's eyes turned completely black, and his hair got even darker than it was previously. He stood there, against the half-crushed rock, then was suddenly behind Red Water. Red Water's eyes widened as he felt the presence behind him, but he had no time to turn around. Zeno took out one of his knives, and it instantly caught on fire. The fire was not ordinary though; it was darker, and had a more sinister look to it. Zeno then slashed crossways across Red Water's back. Red Water fell to the ground, screaming in pain. Suddenly, Yellow Flower came down out of nowhere, grabbed Zeno's head, and then filtered Reau into it. The enraged Zeno took a step back, and then all of his dark Reau evaporated; his eyes returned to normal, his hair lightened, and he fell to the ground, passed out.
	"Wha..What was that..?" Gray Ash said, still panting, sitting up.
Blue Fire looked at the collapsed Zeno, and at the unconcious Red Water, who was being attended to by Yellow Flower.
	"That was a dark power, that reminded me of.." Yellow Flower said, trailing off.
	"You don't mean..Rasath?" Blue Fire said slowly.
Yellow Flower nodded.
	"What?!" Gray Ash exclaimed.
	"It appears that Zeno had a part of Rasath's Reau implanted inside of him; perhaps at a young age. It's power must be controlled by Zeno's emotions." Yellow Flower said. "Who knows what happened to him in his past.."
Gray Ash looked at the unconcious face of Zeno, and wondered whether or not he was friend or foe.

							*****

The next day, just as Gray Ash stepped out of bed, there was a snarling growl, then a scream. He ran outside, and saw a commotion around one of the walls to the village. He ran over to the scene, and saw a large wolflike creature lying on the ground, bleeding. Next to it, a woman was lying unconcious, with a crying child beside her.
	"What happened here?!" Gray Ash exclaimed as medics ran to the center of the growing crowd.
Whispers ran through the awed crowd.
	"I heard that these wolf things are running rampent outside the village."
	"Maybe they're cursed."
	"I heard just the other day that someone went outside the village and never came back."
	"What if they're growing in numbers?!"
Yellow Flower walked up beside Gray Ash.
	"See what Rasath creates?" She said quietly. "He's got thousands of these wolves..All trained to kill."
Gray Ash looked at the corpse of the wolf with a renewed horror.
Yellow Flower looked at Gray Ash solemnly.
	"Are you still sure you want to fight Rasath?"
Gray Ash stared at the corpse of the wolf and of the mother. Medics yelled for more help for the woman, but they all knew it was too late. The Elders came and took the child, who was still crying. He looked to the ground.
	"Yes..If anything, this stregnthens my ambitions.." He looked up, a fire in his eyes.
Yellow Flower smiled at him.
	"To the training field?" Gray Ash asked.
Yellow Flower nodded, and they walked to the training field, with renewed fire in their hearts.

							*****

	When the two got there, Zeno was there again, same as always. He had his dark hair cropped lower on his forehead than usual.
Gray Ash squinted at Zeno's head.
	"Are you hiding something?" He asked.
Zeno gave Gray Ash an annoyed look, and turned around.
	"Now, for todays training, I have decided to bring you two outside the village." Yellow Flower said.
	"What?!" Gray Ash exclaimed. "What above Rasath's wolves?!"
Zeno looked up.
	"You two will have to defend yourselves against them."
	"Will you be there with us? To help?" Gray Ash asked worriedly.
	"No, I will only escort you to your campsite. You two must survive out there for 5 days and nights."
Gray Ash stood back, eyes wide, while Zeno looked shocked at Yellow Flower.
	"Follow me." She said solemnly.
	When they got to the campsite, Yellow Flower took Gray Ash aside.
	"Gray Ash.." She said, eyes slightly watery. "You have no idea how hard it is for me to practically abandon you out here in the wilderness."
Yellow Flower looked down.
	"But remember one thing...It is for your parents. Be careful." She held back the tears.
Gray Ash hugged Yellow Flower.
	"Don't worry, I will."
Yellow Flower then took Zeno aside.
	"Zeno, I want you to control Gray Ash in this practice. It will train your teamwork skills, as well as your self control."
Zeno nodded, not looking directly at Yellow Flower.
Yellow Flower then walked a ways back from the campsite. She presented two tents, and a canteen of water.
	"This is all you will have to start with." She said.
The two boys took the supplies.
Gray Ash waved goodbye to Yellow Flower as she walked away, while Zeno started to put up his tent.
Gray Ash walked over to the opposite side of the campsite, and put up his tent. By the time Gray Ash was finally done with his tent, Zeno was sitting by a roaring fire.
Gray Ash sat down opposite him.
They both stared into the flames for a while. Suddenly, Gray Ash's stomach rumbled. Zeno looked up.
	"I'm gonna go get some food.." Gray Ash muttered.
Zeno looked back down into the flames.
Gray Ash wandered through the forest, his sword at the ready. He snuck up behind a tree, and looked aside of it. There was a deer standing in a clearing just a few yards away. He suddenly ran at the deer, sword held above his head. The deer looked up, then loped off effortlessly. Gray Ash stopped in the middle of the clearing. He looked down at his sword, realizing that he should've brought a bow and arrow. Suddenly, there was a rustling in the bushes, and Zeno appeared, hauling the deer's body behind him, a bow strapped to his back. Gray Ash's eye twitched, and he turned around and walked moodily back to the camp.
	As Zeno cooked the deer meat, Gray Ash foraged for new firewood.
Suddenly, Gray Ash came running back to camp.
	"Z..Zeno! There's ten or more of those wolf creatures out there! They're coming toward the camp!"
Zeno's eyes widened. "You idiot! Why would you lead them back here?!"
Before Gray Ash could answer, three wolf creatures leaped out of the undergrowth. Two leaped at Zeno, who was unprepared, while the remaining one lunged at Gray Ash.
Zeno dived for his quiver, which lay near his tent, but one of the wolves tackled him. The wolf bit Zeno's hand savagely, but was thrown off by a punch. Zeno crawled over to his quiver, and drew one of his knives, and stabbed the other wolf as it leaped at him. The remaining wolf shook off the punch, and started to prowl around Zeno.
Zeno squinted at the beast, and held his knife at the ready as he got up.
Meanwhile, Gray Ash was blocking his wolf's savage clawing. He ducked underneath a vicious strike as it jumped, and stabbed the wolf through it's midsection. Gray Ash then spun around and threw the wolf. The dead wolf crashed into the one Zeno was battling. The live wolf tried to get up, but was trapped by the weight of his counterpart. Zeno walked up to the thrashing wolf, and Gray Ash winced as Zeno cut off it's head and disposed of the three.
Gray Ash looked at Zeno's bitten hand.
	"You should patch that up.." He said.
	"You think I don't know that?" Zeno returned sharply.
	"Even in the most dire situations, you'll always be a jerk." Gray Ash said sighing, and went to sit by the fire.
After a few minutes, Zeno came out of his tent, his hand patched up.
	"So why can't we eat those wolves?" Gray Ash asked, his stomach growling.
	"Go look over in the bushes where I put them.." Zeno said, testing out his bandaged hand.
Gray Ash parted the bushes, and grimaced at the horrible sight.
The wolves had half-dissolved into a bubbling, steaming, black soup.
	"I see.." Gray Ash said, sitting back down, his face tinged with green.
Zeno then went into the forest to look for more water.
When he came back, he had a stump with the middle carved out, and some sap in it.
	"What's that stuff for? I thought you went to get water." Gray Ash asked.
	"We can make a bucket, all I have to do is harden this sap into the middle, so as not to contaminate the water any farther."
Gray Ash noticed Zeno said 'I' instead of 'we'.
	"Great.." Gray Ash said half-heartedly.
They sat a while, while Zeno skillfully heated the sap into the center of the bucket, lining it perfectly.
Zeno looked sideways at Gray Ash.
	"Why don't you do something helpful?" Zeno asked Gray Ash cuttingly.
	"What is there for me to do?"
	"You could forage for more food, get more stumps, more firewood, get leaves to put over our tents,-"
	"Fine fine, I'll go get some leaves and firewood.."
Gray Ash got up, and walked into the forest.
As he returned, he saw that two more corpses of wolves had been piled in the bushes. Gray Ash put down the leaves and firewood.
	"You couldn't leave any for me?" He asked sarcastically.
Zeno just looked into the fire, and at the position of the sun.
As the sun set, Zeno and Gray Ash ate their evening meal near the fire.
After Gray Ash was finished, he popped up a question.
	"Zeno..What did you mean when you said Rasath was yours to kill?"
Zeno was silent for a few moments.
	"Let's just say...I have a debt to repay to him.."
	"What kind of debt?"
Zeno lifted his head.
	"He took away everything precious to me."
	"You don't seem like the kind of person who would care much about that."
	"You don't know what it's like to see the death of someone you love."
Gray Ash looked at Zeno for a few seconds, then looked back into the fire, and thought about his parents.

							*****

	The next morning, Gray Ash yawned loudly as he got up. He saw Zeno standing by the remains of the fire, on his guard.
	"What're you doing up so early..?" Gray Ash said, coming out of his tent, yawning again.
Zeno put a finger to his lips, cautioning Gray Ash to be silent.
Gray Ash suddenly became aware that there was a huge crashing sound coming from behind the trees. Zeno strode slowly and quietly over to the bushes. Gray Ash peeked over him.
A ways away, he could see hundreds of wolflike creatures running through the forest, while Golems tore down trees. Gray Ash drew his sword.
Zeno caught his arm.
	"No," He whispered. "We can't alert all of those Golems where we are."
	"Then what do we do?" Gray Ash whispered back.
	"We need to move, to get away."
	"But what about Yellow Flower and the village?"
	"We don't need to worry about the village." Zeno said solemnly. "Remember, Yellow Flower wanted us to survive on our own."
	"But isn't this different?"
	"No different than what we'll experience making that Allied Village Army of yours.."
	"Fine, I'll start packing up."
	"Remember to be quiet."
	"I know, I know." Gray Ash muttered while silently packing up the campsite.
Once they both had full packs on their backs, they set off quietly.
Before they were out of the clearing though, Gray Ash accidentally stepped in the black goop that surrounded the half-decomposed wolf creatures hidden in the bushes.
	"Gah!!" Gray Ash yelled, and slipped backwards, creating a cacophony of noise from his pack.
Yells, grunts, and growls started coming from the direction of the Golem army.
	"IDIOT!" Zeno yelled, and picked Gray Ash up off the ground and started to run.
Golems and wolf creatures burst through to the former campsite, and took off after Gray Ash and Zeno.
The two dashed through the forest, pursued by hundreds of Golems and wolf creatures. Zeno jumped up on some low branches, still keeping up the same speed, and shot two arrows at the front of the horde of Rasath's creations. They exploded, and slowed down the army a bit, but just as soon as they stopped, they came out again, going at the same speed, if not faster.
Gray Ash searched his mind frantically for something to hamper the army.
	"Zeno! I think I have an ide-" Gray Ash was cut off as Zeno shot another arrow from his bow. The arrow was instantly covered in the dark fire that Zeno had unleashed before in the training. The arrow's flames grew to an amazing size, and struck the ground right in front of the army. The black flames then shot out both left and right, creating a giant wall of fire. The army pushed at it, but all that touched it was instantly burned to a crisp.
Gray Ash looked up at Zeno, who was still in the trees, and saw he was struggling to keep concious. Zeno suddenly wobbled on his feet, and fell out of the tree, landing right on Gray Ash. Gray Ash pushed Zeno off with an effort, but was unharmed from the protection his pack gave him.
	"You just had to show off again.." He said, panting.
Gray Ash then slung Zeno over his shoulder, and set off again. He knew the wall of black fire wouldn't last long, but it would last long enough.

							*****

	Zeno woke up in a daze. As objects and colors slowly came into contrast, Zeno saw he was in one of the tents. He started to get up, but suddenly his whole body was racked by an aching pain. He fell back down with a groan, which amplified all of the aches in his body. Gray Ash pulled open one of the flaps of the tent.
	"You allright?" He asked.
Zeno just looked at Gray Ash, for the effort of speaking was too much for him. Gray Ash put down a plate with venison on it.
	"...Don't tell me I have to feed you.." Gray Ash said, sitting down.
Zeno gritted his teeth, and sat up with sheer willpower. He slowly ate the venison, while Gray Ash went to fill up the bucket of water. When he got back, Zeno was done with the venison. Gray Ash handed Zeno the bucket of water, which he had boiled over the fire.
	"Here, maybe this will help your throat."
Zeno drank the bucket dry in one gulp. Gray Ash looked down at the empty bucket that was handed back to him.
	"Sheesh.." He said flatly, and went to go fill it up again.
Zeno tested out his hands, making sure they worked.
When Gray Ash got back, he found Zeno sitting by the fire, deep in thought.
	"Can you talk yet?" Gray Ash asked.
	"A bit, my throat still hurts."
Gray Ash sat down by the fire, and started to boil the water.
	"So what happened?" Gray Ash asked carefully.
	"What do you mean?" Zeno said raspily.
	"With the black fire, how did you control it?"
Zeno was silent for a while.
	"I'm not sure..I just focused extremely hard on creating a way to escape...And...I guess it just happened."
Gray Ash looked back into the flames.
	"So how many days has it been?" Zeno suddenly asked.
	"I lost count..We've been on the run for maybe 3."
	"You can't even tell day-" Zeno stopped mid-sentance. "So..You dragged me along, even while unconcious?"
	"Of course. How could I survive on my own?"
Zeno looked into the sky.
	"So do you think Yellow Flower will still come looking for us?" Gray Ash asked.
	"How far did we travel?"
	"I couldn't tell. Maybe a few miles."
	"If we got too far, and that Golem army found the village, they'd be too preoccupied with that to come looking for us.
	"So does that mean we're on our own?"
	"I guess so."
	"So should we head back to the village? Does the Golem army change anything?"
	"Depends whether or not we have anything there worthwhile."
Gray Ash got up.
	"I'm not leaving without seeing my grandmother." He said.
	"She's the only family you have left, right?"
Gray Ash started to pack up the tents. Zeno reluctantly got up and helped.
	"You sure you're allright for the journey back?" Gray Ash asked.
	"I'm fine.." Zeno said, wincing slightly from the weight of his pack, which held the majority of the campsite supplies as compared to Gray Ash's.
They set off together, not knowing what to expect when they returned to the village.

							*****

	Yellow Flower stood on top of the gate to the village, staring at the oncoming gray mass coming toward her, the Elders next to her. The Golem army had spotted the small village, and was heading toward it.
	"Yellow Flower," the Head Elder said slowly. "I know I'm asking a lot of you...But I'm putting you in charge of the troops to defend."
Yellow Flower looked at the ancient man.
	"I accept." She said, and bowed. She then jumped off the gate and ran through the town, calling out all those who were ready to fight.
The Elders looked back at the oncoming army.
	"What do we do?" one of them asked simply.
	"We must arrange a migration." said the Head Elder. "While the village's troops are attacking the Golem army, we will escape with the villagers."
	"You mean to leave the troops to die?"
	"If they signed up to be a soldier, they signed a contract with death."
The other Elders looked back to the setting sun, and the cloud of dust that was raised where the Golems were. Then, one by one, they jumped amazingly skillfully off of the gate for their age, and walked quickly back to the temple.

							*****

	"I understand." said Blue Fire. "But only if it's true that Black Fire is leading the army."
	"I'm sure of it." answered Yellow Flower.
	"Allright...I'll head out now." Blue Fire ran out of the village, around the oncoming army.
	"Please..Don't die Blue Fire.." Yellow Flower said, a tear falling from her eye.
Suddenly, there was a crash, and screams coming from the east gate. Yellow Flower turned around, and looked in horror of the secondary army that had snuck through the forest.
The attack has begun!

							*****

Blue Fire jumped silently from tree to tree, heading towards the back of the army. Black Fire never did like putting his life on the line, so he stayed at the back. Blue Fire stopped in a tree above a tent. He watched silently as Black Fire emerged from the tent, studying battle plans.
	"What is this...You're saying that I should come to the front lines?" He said angrily to a small, frail man who came out of the tent.
	"It would perfect the attack, making our victory inevitable..Sir.." The small man said quietly.
	"And if the village decides to focus it's attack on the first man into the village, who just happens to be the leader of the army?"
The small man wimpered, and backed up a bit.
	"So you don't think you could hold your own against a few villagers, Black Fire?" a Golem walking up to the scene said boldly.
	"What makes you think that?" Black Fire said, a small flame appearing in his hand.
	"All I'm saying is maybe you're not as strong as you make us all think." the Golem said, sneering.
Black flames erupted around Black Fire, and he strode up to the defiant Golem, and struck his chest. The Golem was blasted into dust, a look of surprise on it's face.
The small man wimpered again, and started for the tent.
	"Just where do you think you're going..." Black Fire said dangerously.
	"N-Nowhere, sir!"
Black Fire grabbed the man by the throat, and picked him up.
	"I know you just want to be rid of me.." Black Fire said, putting his face close to the small man. "That's why you want to put me on the front lines, to kill me!"
	"No sir! It's not that at all! It's solely for the survival of the army and victory for Rasath-Gurk!" the man gasped as Black Fire clenched his neck.
	"Remember, the general is the most important man in the army." Black Fire said, throwing the man down, and walking back to the tent. He threw the plans at the man, who was on the ground, gasping for air. "Redo the plans; and make them worth my time."
Blue Fire gritted his teeth.
	"What a horrible leader you've become, Black Fire.." He thought angrily to himself. He then quietly fashioned a handle to a flaming sword from his Reau. "Hope this is enough.." He thought to himself.
Once the army had gone to the battlefield, and no one was left at the tent city but Black Fire and the small man, Blue Fire jumped down from the tree. Suddenly, the small man emerged from the tent, as permited to do so to get water and food. He stretched his back, and turned around. His eyes met Blue Fire's, and Blue Fire put a finger to his lips. The small man's eyes widened, and he nodded, running off for his rations.
Blue Fire picked up a rock and filtered Reau into it, and placed it at the base of the tent, making sure not to make a sound. He then backed away, and pointed at the rock. A thin string of Reau came out of his finger, and connected to the rock. The rock instantly exploded on contact with the string, making the tent erupt into flames. Suddenly, there was an explosion of black flames from the tent, sending it's remains flying. Black Fire got up, unharmed by the intense heat he had just been subjected to.
Black Fire looked around, and his eyes widened. He noticed a gigantic amount of Reau behind the tree. Black Fire pointed at the tree, and it caught fire immediatly, falling over. Blue Fire jumped back, and swept his hand upward, creating a wall of flames.
	"Blue Fire.." Black Fire said. "I thought I'd never see you again.."
	"Nor did I." Blue Fire spat back at him.
	"To think!" Black Fire said, laughing. "That you'd be in some tiny remote village up for destruction!"
Blue Fire kept his composure.
	"I suppose I'll have to kill you now..Brother.." Black Fire said quietly.
	"I am no brother to an abomination like you.." Blue Fire said back.
Black Fire created a fireball in his hand, and smiled maliciously. Blue Fire noticed something odd about Black Fire's Reau in the fireball. Black Fire saw Blue Fire's curiosity.
	"You're noticing that my Reau isn't transformed are you?" He said, still smiling.
Blue Fire took out the Reau-made handle, and dipped it in the flaming wall. The tip caught on fire, which legthened out into a flaming blade.
	"You see..I figured this out long ago.." Black Fire said, closing his eyes. "I thought..A stick cannot burn skin off alone..But when on fire, it has much more power than it did alone. So fire must release the inner energy hidden within all objects!"
	"No...You didn't..Black Fire!!" Blue Fire yelled, his eyes wide in realization.
	"Yes! If Reau were to catch on fire, how much energy would be released from it?!" Black Fire screamed, flames erupting around him. "All I have to do is heat my Reau up to intense temperatures, and put it near other Reau, and boom! A spark.."
	"You know that is illegal!" Blue Fire yelled at Black Fire. "How could you burn your own Reau, your own life force?!"
	"You fool, Reau is nothing but untapped energy, waiting to be discovered.."
Blue Fire gritted his teeth, and parted the flaming wall, and charged at Black Fire. Black Fire raised his hand, and brought it down in front of him, creating a wave of fire flying at Blue Fire. Blue Fire slashed the flaming wave in half, and continued his charge. Black Fire blocked Blue Fire's slash with a thin bar of Reau from his finger.
He brought his face close to Blue Fire's.
	"You've gone soft in that goody-goody village.." He said, and suddenly swung his foot around, tripping Blue Fire. Blue Fire fell to the ground, but managed to whip out his normal katana and block with both the flaming sword and the katana as Black Fire jumped back and shot multiple fireballs at him. Blue Fire winced at the intensity of the barrage as he stood up, but kept trying to move forward, to attack Black Fire. Black Fire eventually took out a katana just like Blue Fire's but slightly longer. He clashed blades with Blue Fire, and dueled with him quickly. Suddenly, Blue Fire held Black Fire's sword in place with his katana, and slashed at him with the other, flaming, sword. Blue Fire managed to land a hit on Black Fire's hand before he jumped away. Black Fire looked at his burnt hand.
	"You..Burned me.." He said slowly. A fire of anger took over his eyes. "YOU...BASTERD!!" He screamed, and flames erupted around him, rising high into the sky. The gigantic flames then formed into twin dragons, and they roared earsplittingly loud. They then both flew downwards at Blue Fire, who had no escape. The dragons crashed into the ground, which send a tempest of wind out for miles around.
	"Are you dead yet..?" Black Fire asked unemotionally, looking into the crater with his dragons overhead. Suddenly, his eyes widened in shock.
Blue Fire slowly got up as the dust cleared. He was surrounded by a line of fire that spiraled the legnth of his body.
	"What weak, fake, dragons you have there..Black Fire.." Blue Fire said weakly. "Those aren't true dragons..Only images.."
	"How...Is that possible?!" Black Fire screamed.
	"Heheh..I was embedded with part of the Sky Spirit a few years ago.." Blue Fire said, wiping blood from the corner of his mouth. "I don't have full control over it yet..But it still comes in handy.."
Black Fire screamed with anger and horror, and signaled his dragons. The twin dragons shot gigantic black flames down into the crater. When the dust cleared again, the spiral of fire around Blue Fire was larger, and had a head. A head of a dragon.
	"You want me to take on full form?" The dragon asked dully. "This guy should be easy enough.."
	"If you feel like you have to." Blue Fire winked at the dragon.
The dragon then extended itself upwards into the sky, growing larger and larger, it's tail connected to Blue Fire's heart. Blue Fire's dragon was at least twice the size of Black Fire's twins, and they flew backwards a bit, hesitant to fight the gigantic dragon.
	"Go you cowards! Attack!" Black Fire screamed insanely at his dragons. They had no choice. The twin dragons shot out at two different angles. Blue Fire's dragon yawned and blew flames at the one coming from the right, then bit the left one in half. Black Fire's dragons disintegrated. Black Fire angrily gritted his teeth at Blue Fire's dragon, which shrunk down to it's original form.
	"You little..weakling.." Black Fire spat at Blue Fire. "You have no idea of my true power!" Black Fire grinned eerily, and suddenly erupted into flames.
Blue Fire stared at the burning Black Fire.
	"Are you killing yourself..?" He asked nonchalantly.
	"Ahahaha! Quite the opposite, brother!" Black Fire laughed. "I'm releasing the rest of my Reau from my body to use as fuel.."
Blue Fire's eyes widened.
	"Yes! I'm sacrificing my body for Reau!!!" Black Fire screamed maniacly. "Then I'll be invincible!!!"
	"You're mad.." Blue Fire spoke quietly.
	"Mad? Perhaps.." Black Fire said as his body slowly melted into the flames. The smell of burning flesh and hair swept through the air. Black Fire's flames died down, and all that was left of him was a burnt mark in the ground.
	"You fool.." Blue Fire said.
Suddenly, Reau exploded from the ground, and a gigantic figure burst from the crack the Reau was coming from. A huge dragon rose up into the sky.
	"What a copycat.." Blue Fire's dragon said. It then looked to Blue Fire. "I'll need quite a bit of Reau to match that."
	"I know." Blue Fire said back, looking up at the roaring dragon. "I'm prepared to give you it."
Blue Fire's dragon smiled. It would finally be able to escape. It knew there was no way to match Black Fire's power other than for Blue Fire to sacrifice his body for Reau as well. Once that happened, the Sky Spirit would finally be free!
	"Are you prepared to give your body up?" It asked, concealing it's excitement.
	"I won't waste time trying to attack that beast." Blue Fire answered, preparing to transform his body into pure Reau.
Blue Fire's body erupted into flames, just as Black Fire's had.
	"Sorry Yellow Flower...I couldn't keep my promise.." He said with his dying breath. Blue Fire fell to the ground, tears in his eyes, as he burned his own body, to defeat his own brother. As he closed his eyes, he could see Gray Ash, Yellow Flower, and everyone in the village as his life flashed before his eyes.
Blue Fire's dragon smiled maliciously as it started to rise into the sky. It had never felt this much power in years! When it was as big as Black Fire's, it started to fly away, but was suddenly bitten in the tail.
	"What do you think you're doing?!" He roared.
	"You can't just run from a battle, you coward." Black Fire's dragon said, tail still in mouth.
Blue Fire's dragon's eyes narrowed. No one had the right to call the Sky Spirit..A coward! It shot flames from its mouth, enveloping the other dragon. Black Fire's dragon shook the flames off, and flew rapidly around Blue Fire's dragon. Blue Fire's dragon snatched up Black Fire's with his tail, and swung him into the ground.
	"You fool!" Blue Fire's dragon roared into the sky. "Do you not know what I am?!"
Black Fire's dragon burst out of the dust, and bit Blue Fire's dragon's neck. Suddenly, the remains of Blue Fire's Reau that was absorbed by the Sky Spirit exploded forth, and took over the Sky Spirit's body, turning it blue. Black Fire's dragon's eyes widened as it was blasted away by the intense Reauic explosion.
The Sky Spirit, fully taken over by Blue Fire, rushed at Black Fire's dragon with rage in it's eyes. Blue Fire, now the dragon, bit down on Black Fire's dragon's midsection, and it roared in pain. Blue Fire then shot fire out of it's mouth at point-blank range, tearing Black Fire's dragon in half. Black Fire's dragon screeched in pain as the two halves fell to the ground. They then erupted into flames, and tendrils of darkness shot into the sky.
	"I will not die alone!!!" Black Fire's voice suddenly echoed throughout the field. The tendrils of darkness suddenly attached to Blue Fire, and started to drag him down to the burning Reau of Black Fire's dragon. Blue Fire then caught on fire as well, and the tendrils dropped him.
Blue Fire looked into Black Fire's dragon's eyes. All he saw was rage, and a tear fell from his eye.
	"What have you become...Brother...?" Blue Fire thought remorsedly as his vision blurred, and his eyes closed. "I'm sorry...It had to end this way..."
The two dragons burned together, the brothers reunited in death. As the smoke billowed into the sky, the smoke from the burning buildings in the village matched it. Screams of horror and pain filled the bloody sunset.

							*****

Yellow Flower fought quickly with the hundreds of Golems spilling into the village. Everywhere there were screams for help. She landed on the roof of a hut, one of the few remaining, and surveyed the battlefield. When the secondary army from the side had appeared, the village's troops had no chance to get organized. Most of the troops had been killed by the two-sided attack. Suddenly, she heard a familar voice calling out. She looked over to the Elder's temple, and saw that it was burning. The guards that were posted there must've been defeated! Yellow Flower rushed over to the burning temple.
When she got there, her worst fears were realized. The Golems had ransacked the temple, and it was crumbling. All of the Elders lay dead beneath the rubble, their packs still on their backs, ready to migrate somewhere else. Yellow Flower sank to her knees and sobbed at the horrible sight. Suddenly, there was a faint moaning. Yellow Flower looked up, and saw the Grand Elder still alive, pinned underneath a fallen pillar. She rushed over to him.
	"Grand Elder!" She cried, and took his hand in hers.
	"Yellow..Flower.." The Grand Elder spoke slowly, blood dripping from his mouth, his speech weak. "How wonderful to see you...In the end.."
	"No! No!" Yellow Flower shook with sobs and clasped the Grand Elder's hand tightly. The Grand Elder's eyes slowly clouded over, and a tear fell from his eye. As he went limp, Yellow Flower screamed to the sky.
	"Rasath!!!" She cried in pain, in remorse.
	"Hey, over there! There's still one left!" A Golem unit came up to the destroyed temple.
Yellow Flower's watery eyes stared emptily at the body of the Grand Elder, and listened to the Golems as rage grew within her.
	"It's an elderly woman, she shouldn't be too hard.."
	"You sure? Didn't you hear the roars from back there at the camp? I think these people are stronger than we give them credit for."
	"Nothing but tricks, all this village is made up of is weaklings."
Yellow Flower spun around, tears still falling from her eyes, and she threw her arms in front of her. Huge trees sprang up from the ground in front of the Golems, and they looked up in awe. The trees' limbs then reached down and picked up the Golems, and crushed them to bits of stone.
As Yellow Flower's sorrow transformed into rage, she ran throughout the village, destroying every Golem she saw. When she came to the gate, she saw the Golem army extending into the distance. She did not falter at all, even as she saw the gigantic blue dragon in the distance fall to the ground, burning.
She looked at the army, and suddenly rushed into it. As plants rose and fell in the horde of gray, there were shouts of horror and pain still echoing from the village.
Suddenly, a Golem stabbed Yellow Flower with a sharp rock on it's finger. Yellow Flower's face showed surprise, and grief, as she fell to the ground, her tears following her decent. The rest of the Golem army yelled and blasted their way through the rest of the village, completely destroying it. The village had been defeated.
	"I am sorry...Black Water...White Fire...I could not complete...Your son's...training..." Yellow Flower thought as she slowly closed her eyes to the horrible sight of hundreds of Golems pounding their way over her.
Night fell, but the dark sky was illuminated by the fires that still burned in the village, as the Golem army regrouped at the base camp.

							*****

Gray Ash and Zeno rushed through the forest back to the village. Gray Ash's eyes had a steel in them that Zeno had never seen before. Eventually, they came up to one of the village's walls. It was crumbling and had bloodstreaks all over it. Gray Ash's eyes widened.
	"No...No!" Gray Ash muttered as he stumbled over the wreckage of the wall, tears welling in his eyes as he saw the decimated village before him. He started to run through the ruins, calling for life. There was no answer. Gray Ash came upon the Elder's temple, and bent over the bodies of the Elders. Zeno trailed behind, not speaking.
As the leaves from the trees created by Yellow Flower fell, Gray Ash ran out to the bloodied field where the battle took place. He suddenly saw the familar yellow robe on the ground. His eyes widened, and his jaw hung open. Gray Ash ran over to the robe, and fell to his knees as he saw Yellow Flower's bloodied face, and brushed away her hair. Yellow Flower had the face of a sobbing person, and grass was still wet with where her tears had fallen. Gray Ash screamed at the sky in grief and anger.
	"RASATH!!!" Gray Ash echoed Yellow Flower.
Zeno said nothing, as if not affected by the death and destruction around him. Gray Ash collapsed, sobbing onto Yellow Flower's corpse.
	"Gray Ash.." Zeno said after a few minutes. "We should go, the army might still be nea-"
	"I want to put her somewhere better..Than out here.." Gray Ash said quietly.
	"Fine, but we really have to hurry."
Gray Ash picked up Yellow Flower and brought her to her hut, which was in burnt ruins. He laid her down in the middle of it, and stood up.
	"Yellow Flower.." Gray Ash whispered, tears still falling. "I swear...I will avenge your death..."
Suddenly, Yellow Flower's hand fell open. A piece of paper was inside. Gray Ash bent down and took the paper, and uncrumpled it. It was a map, showing where Rasath was located, along with all the villages.
Gray Ash then walked out of the ruins of the hut, and stood tall and strong, clenching the rolled-up map in his hand. Zeno looked at the hut one more time, and followed Gray Ash. As the two walked out of the ruins of the village, they finally knew where they were going.

							*****

Rasath clenched his hand in anger. Black Fire had died, and the child with the Forest Spirit was still alive. Also, since the village had been destroyed, he had no idea where the Forest Spirit child was. Suddenly, a tall, broad person flashed instantaniously into the room.
	"My lord.." The person bowed.
	"Deretin, time is of the essence, find the Forest Spirit child and kill him. I entrust that you'll be able to do it?" Rasath said, concealing his frustration.
	"Of course my lord," Deretin said, unsheathing a gigantic sword from a sheath on his back. "How troublesome could a child be?"
	"Fool!" Rasath hissed. "Do not underestimate him, he has the Reau of the entire forest within him. Granted he doesn't know how to use it, but if it is released, believe me, you'll die."
Deretin bowed again.
	"Yes my lord." He said, and flashed away.
Rasath sat back in his high backed throne, and sighed. He had conquered many lands in far-off places, across seas; but why was this specific place putting up so much of a fight? The first time he had tried to take it over, he was confronted by an entire army, and two extremely skilled leaders. That, he had never seen before. In the other lands, they had never so much heard of war, the fools! But here...It was somehow different. Regardless, with the multitude of skilled fighters he had assembled, and the two army leaders from long ago dead, his second campaign through this land would be easy.

							*****

Gray Ash and Zeno stood at the edge of the forest, near the ruins of the village.
	"So where do we head to first?" Zeno asked Gray Ash.
Gray Ash looked at the map.
	"Let's see..Hm...Looks like this elven villa-" Gray Ash caught his breath.
	"Elven?" Zeno asked.
	"Yeah.." Gray Ash said.
Humans and elves in the forest had been at war years ago, over rights to land. The war eventually ended, coming to a truce between the two races that neither shall interfere with each other's business. Gray Ash had learned it from Yellow Flower when he was little. Zeno had heard it around the village; people talking about elves going extinct.
	"You do know they'll just kill us as soon as we come into sight right?" Zeno said, frowning.
	"Well yeah...Ever since that accidental death of an elven child who came into our village.."
	"Then what should we do?"
	"Well..." Gray Ash looked down at the map again. He reminisced the times he had in the village, and how it had abrubtly come to an end. He looked up. "Danger of death doesn't matter to me. We'll go there, tell our story, and see if they'll care. If they don't, too bad. If they do, then we'll have an army started."
Zeno picked up his pack.
	"Sounds good to me." He said, and started off eastwards, towards the elven village.

							*****

Gray Ash and Zeno sat near their fire, eating venison.
	"I'm getting real tired of this stuff.." Gray Ash said, tearing a chunk off the bone.
Suddenly, there was a rustling in the bushes behind a tree by the campsite.
Gray Ash froze where he was, as did Zeno. Zeno got up slowly, and took out his bow and arrow. He notched an arrow in the bow, and charged it up with Reau.
	"Reveal yourself, or I shoot!" Zeno said loudly. A moan followed Zeno's threat, and the bushes rustled again. Zeno slowly parted the bushes, and a half-dead Elven man fell over, his skin wrinkled, scratches all over him. Both Zeno and Gray Ash jumped back at the sight.
	"He...Help...Me.." The half-dead Elf rapsed slowly. "Destroyed...Everything...Dead...Killed...Murder.." He continued muttering, putting his head to the ground.
	"What the hell happened to him?!" Gray Ash exclaimed.
	"I..Have no idea.." Zeno said, still pointing the bow and arrow at the Elf, who had stopped muttering. He bent down, and put his index and forefinger to the Elf's neck. "He's dead.."
	"C'mon," Gray Ash said, starting to pack up the campsite. "If he's here, and that beat up, the Elven village can't be far."
Once they were packed, they headed out, keeping their weapons at the ready. Soon, they started to see scorched grass, and splinters of wood. As they kept going, ruins came into sight. Dozens of dead elves covered the ruins, all of them wrinkled up, as if the very life had been sucked out of them.
	"Not again.." Gray Ash whispered.
Suddenly, a faint crying could be heard coming from one of the burnt houses. Gray Ash and Zeno looked at each other, then ran to the house. As they walked in, they saw a girl of 14 or 15, in a bloodstained dress, crying in the corner, two dead elves in front of her. As they walked in, the elven girl's ears perked up, and she looked up, rage mixing with her tears. Suddenly, small spikes of metal started to rise out of the ground.
	"H-Hey! Hold on! We're not here to hurt you!" Zeno started to yell. Gray Ash was silent, staring at the girl, transfixed.
	"Who...Are you?" The girl asked slowly.
	"My name's Zeno, and this is Gray Ash." Zeno explained.
	"What? Oh...Yeah, nice to, er, meet you." Gray Ash stuttered.
	"What's your name?" Zeno asked.
	"Allora.." The girl said.
	"So what happened to your village?"
	"We..Were attacked..By gigantic rock creatures..And devilish birds. They came out of nowhere, rampaging through the village, killing everything in sight...My parents tried to protect me...And succeeded." Allora pointed to the two dead elves on the floor.
	"Well, we're on a mission to create an army to kill Rasath. He's the one that created those Golems-the rock monsters."
Allora wiped her eyes. She then looked down at the dead bodies. A few minutes later, she looked up, and said, "Can I join you?"
	"Sure!" Gray Ash exclaimed.
	"Allright, we could use another person in this group I suppose." Zeno said.
	"But...Could we please bury my parents..?" Allora asked quietly.
	"Sure, it's fine." Gray Ash said, picking up the father, while Zeno picked up the mother.
Allora changed out of her dress into lighter, traveling clothes, they buried the parents, and set off, morale raised anew.

							*****

Deretin walked up to a lake in the forest, fuming. Rasath had just contacted him through ties in their Reau, and demanded that he bring an army of Golems with him, to ensure his victory. What kind of weakling needs an army to take out some kid? He sat down at the lake, and started to drink some of the water. He then took out one of his gigantic swords, and effortlessly threw it high in the air. He focused Reau into the large hole in the side of it, and saw what it saw in his mind's eye. As the sword spun slowly, Deretin suddenly saw still-smoking ruins of a small village. His eyes widened.
	"The elven village!" Deretin exclaimed. "Allright! I'm closer than I thought!" Deretin had asked around in some of the villages controlled by Rasath for a teenager of around 14, whose village was destroyed. All he had heard was stuff about a near elven village. It was his best bet at finding the kid.
Deretin then looked at the setting sun. He frowned.
	"Ugh...I'm too tired to fight tonight...I'll do it tomorrow." Deretin said, taking out his map. He traced his finger to the next closest village. "I bet he'll head here next anyway.." The path led straight to the lake.
Deretin layed back, and looked at the appearing stars. Once the Forest Spirit kid was killed, he'd have to be rewarded greatly, maybe even control a few villages...Then he could go off to other lands, and take them over too with the army of the villages he controlled! Eventually, he'd have Rasath's newly conquered land surrounded, and he would kill Rasath, taking his place as high ruler of practically the world! Deretin laughed at his 'foolproof' plan, believing that it would lead him to world domination.

							*****

Gray Ash, Zeno, and Allora sat down at their fire, watching some soup they had made from the leftover venison and some water they had found at a lake nearby.
Gray Ash suddenly noticed that Allora didn't have a tent to sleep in.
	"Hm.." Gray Ash thought. "I know!"
Gray Ash stood up.
	"Allora, you can have my tent, I'll sleep on the ground." Gray Ash said.
	"Oh...Are you sure?" Allora said hesitantly.
	"Yeah, I'll be fine."
Zeno looked off to the treeline, secretly gritting his teeth.
Gray Ash went to collect some leaves that he could sleep on.
	"The soup's ready.." Zeno said, dipping his bowl made out of a hollowed trunk into the pot.
	"Great, I'm starving!" Gray Ash said, his stomach growling.
	"Thank you very much." Allora said.
The three ate their dinner, Gray Ash telling jokes to Allora, Zeno looking up at the sky, Allora laughing occasionally at Gray Ash's jokes, but keeping her eyes on Zeno.

							*****

The next day, Zeno planned out the group's route to the next nearest village.
	"I think we'll come across that lake we got water from yesterday.." Zeno said, squinting at the map.
	"Think we can go around it?" Gray Ash asked.
	"Yeah, it's not that big."
The three packed up their things, and headed out. Almost immediately, they came up to the lake. Deretin had hid in the bushes that morning, and was watching the three from the undergrowth.
	"Three?!" Deretin whispered to himself. "Wasn't there only supposed to be one..?"
Deretin squinted at the three. He recognized the middle one, the one with the white headband, as the Forest Spirit kid.
	"Oh well, the more the merrier." Deretin smiled maliciously.
As Gray Ash, Zeno, and Allora walked around the lake, Deretin took out one of his swords. When the group neared, he jumped out of the undergrowth. He dashed at Gray Ash, swinging his sword at head level. Gray Ash managed to take out his sword in time, and block, but was thrown backwards. Zeno and Allora dodged by ducking down. Deretin sneered, and jumped back. Gray Ash got up.
	"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" He yelled at Deretin.
Deretin leaned on his sword.
	"I'm here to kill you, kid."
Gray Ash's eyes widened.
	"K..Kill me?"
	"Yes, of course, Rasath sent me to kill you, because you've got that Forest Spirit in you."
	"Heh, I think you're overestimating your stregnth there.."
While Gray Ash and Deretin were exchanging words, Zeno helped Allora up.
	"Allora, do you know anything of fighting with Reau?"
	"Yes, my parents taught me."
	"What type of Reau do you use?"
	"I can control natural metals in the earth...That's pretty much all."
Zeno looked surprised.
	"Controlling metal? Never heard of that before.."
Allora giggled.
Suddenly, Gray Ash yelled for help. He was blocking another slash by Deretin, but was being pushed back.
	"Can I get a little help here?!"
Zeno took out his bow and arrow, and notched an arrow.
	"Allora, can you stop that guy from moving?"
Allora focused Reau into her hands, and raised them. Spikes of metal rose from the ground.
	"I think so."
	"Good." Zeno said.
Allora focused her Reau into strings, and shot them into the ground near Deretin. Metal rose from the ground, and covered Deretin's feet. Deretin looked down.
	"What's this?" He said.
Gray Ash grinned, and, taking advantage of Deretin's momentary lapse of confusion, pushed back at Deretin's sword. At the same time, Zeno fired the arrow. Deretin was pushed back from Gray Ash, and the arrow flew past Deretin's face.
	"GRAY ASH!!!" Zeno yelled.
	"Huh?" Gray Ash said, confused.
	"Ugh.." Zeno groaned, and ran at Deretin, taking out his knives.
Both Gray Ash and Zeno lunged at the fallen Deretin. He saw them both coming, and whipped out his second sword. Using both swords, he blocked both attacks, and jumped up.
	"You three are troublesome.." He said.
Suddenly, Allora shot small spikes of metal at Deretin. He ducked, and pushed both Gray Ash and Zeno back, and started to run at Allora.
Zeno ran behind Deretin, trying to get ahead of him, while Gray Ash got up, dazed.
Zeno, in a split second decision, jumped in front of Allora as Deretin slashed with the sword. Zeno tried to block with his knives, but they were blasted out of his hands by the impact. Deretin slashed again and again at Zeno with both blades, until finally he slammed the side of one of the swords full force into Zeno, who was blasted back into the forest.
	"ZENO!" Allora screamed, but was silenced by Deretin, who grabbed her by the throat, and threw her into the forest too.
	"Stupid kids.." Deretin muttered, and turned back to Gray Ash. "Now, are you ready to die?"
Gray Ash held his sword at the ready. Deretin dashed at him, and sliced downwards at Gray Ash. Gray Ash blocked the hit, the same steel in his eyes that there had been at the destroyed village. Deretin looked down, surprised at Gray Ash's newfound stregnth. Suddenly, Gray Ash focused Reau into his other hand, and punched Deretin straight in the stomach. Deretin had the wind knocked out of him, and was blasted backwards. He fell head over foot, finally gaining his balance again.
	"Hm...Even in your moment of death, you can't give up...How foolish!" Deretin yelled as he ran back at Gray Ash, and sliced quickly with both swords. Gray Ash blocked every single hit, jumping backwards.
	"What the hell are you?!"
Gray Ash's blue eyes had turned into a light, silvery gray.
Deretin sliced downwards with full force, with both swords at once. Gray Ash blocked them both with both hands on his sword, teeth gritted. He pushed Deretin back.
Deretin was furious. Never had anyone stood up that much to him. He regained his composure as he closed his eyes and smiled.
	"Heh...Looks like I actually have to go serious on you, kid.."
Deretin jumped into a tree with one bound, and then jumped into the sky, blasting Reau from his feet. Deretin grinned maliciously, and suddenly struck both blades together, forming one gigantic sword. Reau focused into the swords started to buzz and crackle, sending sparks and small flashes of lightning down, and bringing storm clouds in. The clouds spiraled around Deretin, and his eyes showed bloodthirst. Suddenly, lightning struck Deretin's sword, and it glowed with intense power. Deretin angled the gigantic blade at Gray Ash, and shot the lightning strike from the end of the blade. Gray Ash barely managed to jump out of the way. The lightning flashed as it hit the ground, and flames spewed from it. Deretin shot lightning again and again from the blade, Gray Ash dodging quickly. Suddenly, Gray Ash tripped on a root sticking out of the ground. He regained his balance, but had to stop momentarily. Deretin saw the opening, and shot lightning down at Gray Ash. He had no time to react. Gray Ash was struck full force, and fell to the ground. Deretin grinned again, thinking his task was complete. Suddenly though, as the smoke from the impact cleared, he saw Gray Ash getting back up, a shield of Reau around him, with a hole blown through it. The shield of Reau had protected Gray Ash from most of the attack. Gray Ash wearily held up his sword, as Deretin screamed in anger, and shot one last lightning strike at Gray Ash. As the lightning arched through the sky, Gray Ash knew, it was now or never.
	"I'm not...going to die....YET!" Gray Ash screamed, and prepared to filter every last bit of Reau into his sword, to block the attack.
Suddenly, the Forest Spirit inside of Gray Ash stirred. It sensed an opening in Gray Ash's Reau. It thought quickly, and knew it would be able to escape. It started to charge up it's Reau to escape through the weakness in Gray Ash. Suddenly, the Forest Spirit's Reau started to be drained. It looked around in Gray Ash's subconcious, and discovered that Gray Ash was actually taking the Forest Spirit's Reau.
Outside, Gray Ash exploded with power as the lightning struck him. The intense Reau blocked every single bit of the attack, and covered Gray Ash in a silver film of Reau.
	"What..Happened..?" Deretin said, breathing hard.
All of a sudden, a howl echoed through the area. Gray Ash burst from the cloud of smoke, using Reau from his feet to blast himself at Deretin. The Reau on his right hand formed into a claw, and he slashed at Deretin. Deretin's eyes widened as he was sent flying back into the forest. Gray Ash landed on the lake, and swam out quickly, not wanting his sudden burst of Reau to run out. Gray Ash dashed into the forest and picked up Zeno and Allora, who were still knocked out. Gray Ash then ran into the forest, needing to get away from Deretin before he woke up. When they were a few miles out, Gray Ash dropped Allora and Zeno, and fell unconcious, the Reau still evaporating off his body.

							*****

Deretin lay on the ground in the forest, fallen trees all around him. He was knocked out from the crashland into the forest. Suddenly, his eyes flickered open. He groaned, and tried to sit up, but a fierce clawing pain griped at his chest. He looked down, and saw three gigantic clawmarks on his chest, each one almost an inch deep. He fell back into a lying down position, and gritted his teeth at the pain. He closed his eyes, and tried to figure out what had happened. After a while, his eyes flashed open again.
	"THAT BRAT KID!!!" He screamed out loud. It all came back to him. The kid had been struck by the lightning, but then flew up at him, and slashed him open. Deretin looked back at the scratchmarks. He wasn't trained in the art of medical Reau application..But he had to try his best. He focused what little Reau he had left into the first wound, and began to recreate his skin and nerves. He wouldn't be moving from this spot for a while, but he couldn't die.
Not until he had taken over the world.

							*****

In the deep forest, Zeno stirred. He picked himself up slowly, and opened his eyes. He sat up, and looked around. He saw Gray Ash on the ground, unconcious. Suddenly, he sensed something. He looked back to Gray Ash, and could sense the remnants of a massive burst of Reau coming from Gray Ash. His eyes narrowed, and he stood up, wincing at his bruises and cuts.
	"Hey..You still alive?" Zeno said flatly. He nudged Gray Ash with his foot.
Gray Ash groaned and rolled over, covering his face.
Allora's hand twitched, and she got up carefully, minding her bruised arm.
	"You allright?" Zeno asked Allora, not looking directly at her.
	"Yeah...I think so.." She said, taking out some herbs from her pocket. She applied the herbs to Zeno's wounds, then her own. After that, she used the rest on Gray Ash. Allora frowned.
	"He won't wake up..." She said, nudging his head.
Zeno walked over to Gray Ash, and kicked him in his side. Gray Ash snorted, and rolled over, clenching his side.
	"AGH!! Zeno...Why'd..You...Urgh.." Gray Ash gasped out.
	"You wouldn't wake up. What else should I have done?" Zeno said casually.
Allora just laughed.
	"So what are we going to do about the supplies?" Zeno asked.
	"I dunno...Go without them?" Gray Ash said, scratching his head.
	"Idiot! We can't travel through thick forest without supplies!"
Allora suddenly looked up.
	"Hey I know!"
Gray Ash and Zeno stopped arguing and looked to Allora.
	"There was this rumor of an old man who lived on a lone mountain in the middle of the forest. The rumors said he was a master in the art of war. Why don't we try and find him? It's obvious that if we can't beat Rasath's goons, then we have no chance of beating Rasath himself."
	"Hm...It sounds helpful...But it's only a rumor.." Zeno said, thinking.
	"Hold on, was the mountain near your village Allora?" Gray Ash asked.
	"Yes, the mountain blends in with the other mountains that lead to the Northlands though."
Gray Ash started to climb up a nearby tree. When he reached the top, he shielded his eyes from the sun, and squinted at the horizon.
	"Well I can definately see the mountains.." He said.
Zeno started to climb up the tree too.
	"Let me take a look.."
	"Hey I think I see it!" Gray Ash exclaimed, throwing his arms up.
Suddenly, Gray Ash lost his balance. He took a step backwards, off the branch he was standing on, and stepped on Zeno's head.
	"Agh! Get your foot off me!" Zeno yelled annoyedly, pushing Gray Ash's foot off his head.
Gray Ash fell backwards, crashing into Zeno, making both of them fall down the tree. Allora jumped back as they crashed to the ground.
	"IDIOT!" They both yelled in unison, emerging from the fallen foliage.
	"So did either of you see the mountain?" Allora asked hesitantly.
	"I saw it!" Gray Ash said proudly. He pointed Northwest. "It's that way."
Zeno sat, rubbing his bruised head.
	"You sure?" He asked.
	"Absolutely!"
	"Well, allright, let's go then." Allora said. The three set off northwestwards.

							*****

A few days later, as the sun was setting, Gray Ash yawned and stretched.
	"Can't we stop now..?" He said tiredly.
Zeno sighed.
	"Fine..But I still don't feel safe with that guy who attacked us loose in the forest."
	"Aw c'mon, I dealed with him." Gray Ash said, grinning. "He won't be getting back up."
The Gray Ash and Allora sat down, while Zeno foraged for some firewood. Gray Ash looked sideways at Allora.
When Zeno was out of sight, Gray Ash whistled and scooted closer to Allora. He waited a bit, then scooted closer again. He kept whistling, and pretended to yawn again, reaching his arms up, and bringing one down over Allora's shoulder.
Suddenly, a giant metal fist sprang out of the ground, and hit Gray Ash upside the head, sending him flying backwards.
	"Don't even think about it." Allora said angrily, while Gray Ash lay on the ground, wheeling from the hit.
Zeno walked out of the forest, and put down a pile of firewood.
	"What happened to him?" Zeno asked, pointing at Gray Ash.
	"Oh..It doesn't matter.." Allora said.
	"...Well, do you have any flint?" Zeno asked.
Allora raised her arm, and a spike of metal rose out of the ground. She then made a fist, and opened it. The metal spike expanded outwards, becoming hollow and thin. A chunk of flint rose on the side of the spike. Allora took the flint and tossed it to Zeno, who had prepared some tinder.
Gray Ash got up, and rubbed his bruised chin.
	"You didn't have to go and do that..." Gray Ash said.
Zeno struck the flint, and started the fire. As he blew on the tinder, Allora looked at him dreamily. Gray Ash looked annoyedly between the two.
	"So are we almost there?" He asked to break the silence.
	"Yeah, just another day." Zeno replied, oblivious to Allora's staring.
Gray Ash sighed.
	"It looked a lot closer from the top of that tree.."
Gray Ash's stomach rumbled. Allora looked over at him.
	"Sorry, still no food." She said.
	"Ugghh...It's been so long.." Gray Ash complained.
	"It's only been 2 days..And we had some apples yesterday." Zeno said.
	"So? Apples can't fill anyone's stomach!"
Allora sighed annoyedly.
	"Well it's just one more day, I'm sure the old man will have something to eat."
Gray Ash sat near the growing fire, and hugged his growling stomach. Zeno set up his tent, while Allora set up hers. Gray Ash piled some leaves in a stack and fell back on them, looking up at the stars.
Allora raised a spike of metal from the ground, and fashioned two knives just like what Zeno had.
	"Here!" She said, offering them to Zeno.
He took them without remark.
The three fell into a sleep, comforted by the stars shining protectively upon them.

							*****

Gray Ash, Zeno, and Allora stared up at the huge mountain in front of them. It's towering peak was covered in snow, and the only way up it was a worn-out stony path. No grass grew on the mountainsides, only stone.
	"Well..We're not gonna get up it by staring at it." Gray Ash said after a while, starting up the rocky path. Zeno and Allora followed.
The winding path led a zig-zag pattern up the mountain, and it seemed to drain the three's energy as they climbed up it. By the end of an hour, they were all out of breath.
	"How..Much..Farther is it?" Gray Ash gasped out between breaths, kneeling on the ground. Allora looked up.
	"We're only about halfway up.." She said solemnly.
	"You've got to be kidding me.." Zeno said, breathing hard.
They set off again, the sun beaming down upon them, unrelenting.
Soon, the sun set.
Gray Ash fell to the ground, panting. Zeno knelt on the ground, sweating. Allora sat down, her back against the warm stone.
Gray Ash stared up at the still-purple sky, as stars slowly appeared. Suddenly, he punched the ground.
	"That's it!!" He yelled, and got up back on his feet.
	"What're you...Doing.." Zeno said, still breathing hard. "We need to stay here for the night.."
	"No! I'm getting up this mountain tonight!" Gray Ash proclaimed, and started running up the path.
	"What an idiot.." Zeno muttered, and sat against the wall.
As the silence legnthened between Allora and Zeno, they both stared up at the appearing stars. A trickle of dust floated down from the rising path. Zeno didn't take a second look at it. A few pebbles fell. Zeno brushed off his head.
Suddenly, Allora and Zeno heard a faint yelling. They looked at each other, and then looked upwards. Gray Ash came flying down the mountain, head over hell, yelling. Before either Zeno or Allora could react, Gray Ash fell over the path rising above them. Zeno got up and grabbed Allora, and they started to run from the falling Gray Ash.
	"WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!" Zeno yelled as Gray Ash tumbled after them.
	"I-OW! LOST MY-OOF! FOOTING!!!" Gray Ash spat out in between rolling. "I-AGH! CAN'T..STOP!"
Allora was reeling from Zeno holding her hand, and Zeno had to practically drag her along. As they were rounding the corner, they slowed down a bit. Gray Ash came tumbling down, and hit them from behind, adding them to the jumble. The three yelled as they went over path after path, eventually landing in a heap at the base of the mountain.
As the three groaned with aches and pains at the base, an old man stepped out of the forest, a basket full of berries in his hand, two thick, short sticks in the other. The old man looked at the three with curiosity.
Gray Ash rubbed his bruised head, and opened his eyes. As his vision focused, he noticed the old man near the forest, looking at them.
Suddenly, he yelled, and jumped up, stepping on Zeno, who was still on the ground.
	"HEY!! It's the old man! From the mountain!" Gray Ash exclaimed, unaware of Zeno underneath him.
	"URK! Agh! Get off me you idiot!" Zeno yelled, and pushed Gray Ash off. Gray Ash fell over, and landed on Allora, who screamed, and pushed him off, back towards Zeno. This cycle continued until Gray Ash fell back over, too dizzy to stand up. The three panted, and the old man put the basket down and put his hand to his face. He walked over to the three.
	"What are you doing here.." He asked.
	"We heard you-Wait...You do live on that mountain, right?" Zeno asked.
The old man nodded.
	"Hm..Well we came to get training from you, Great Elder."
The old man's eyes narrowed at the word Elder. Suddenly, one of the short wooden sticks came out of nowhere and flew at Zeno's head. Zeno ducked, right as Gray Ash got up, still dizzy. The wooden stick crashed into Gray Ash's cheek, knocking him back over. He jumped back up.
	"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT FOR?!" He screamed, holding his bruised cheek.
	"I am only 96 years young, foolish child, I am NOT elderly!" The old man snorted, looking down on Zeno.
	"96?!" Gray Ash exclaimed under his breath.
	"Well..Will you train us or was our trip here worthless?" Zeno asked.
Gray Ash's stomach rumbled again.
The old man thought for a second.
	"Why do you want training from me?" The old man asked, crossing his arms.
Zeno explained their journey to raise an army to stop Rasath's revenge against the land.
	"Hm...Your journey seems to be in good heart.." The old man said, thinking.
	"Please sir...Plus we haven't eaten in a good 3 days.." Gray Ash said wearily.
The old man sighed.
	"Fine.."
Gray Ash jumped in the air.
	"Woohoo!"
	"But.." The old man interuppted. "I'll give you a fair warning."
Gray Ash stopped celebrating.
	"Eh?"
	"Your training will be harsh, and unrelenting. You must face the fears that lie deepest in your hearts, and you must overcome the most towering obstacles. My training regiment will NOT be a comfortable vacation, you hear me?"
The trio gulped, and nodded.
	"Allright, I'll see you at the top of the mountain, tomorrow morning, as the sun rises."
	"Wha-" Gray Ash started.
	"As the sun rises--Sharp!" The old man pointed one of the small sticks at the three, and then instantaniously flashed away.
Zeno looked up at the position of the moon. It was around midnight.
	"We have about 6 hours to get up that mountain.." He said grimly.
	"Well then we better get a fast start!" Gray Ash said, and started back up the path. Zeno ran after Gray Ash, sighing annoyedly. Allora kept up with Zeno.

							*****

The old man stepped out of his expensive wooden house, and yawned. He looked down at where the path met the plateau at the peak of the mountain.
Suddenly, a hand reached up and grabbed the edge. Gray Ash drug himself onto the plateau, barely awake. Zeno and Allora followed, too tired to stand up.
The old man looked at the sun. It was about 3 hours past sunrise. He crossed his arms, and thought for a moment. The three hadn't made it up in the time limit, but at least they made it up. The old man walked over to the well beside the large dojo that was his home. He took out the bucket, and splashed it on the trio. The all jolted awake.
	"Did we make it?!" Gray Ash said excitedly.
Zeno slapped him on the back of the head. "Of course we didn't. The sun was rising by the time we were halfway up."
Gray Ash punched Zeno back.
	"Well sorry for keeping a good attitude!" He said roughly.
As the two brawled, Allora came forward.
	"We are sorry, master. We have failed." She said, bowing to the old man.
The old man smiled.
	"It's quite alright." He said happily. "The very fact you made it up the mountain in this time is good."
	"Oh! Thank you sir!" Allora said joyously, bowing again.
	"Besides.." The old man said, looking off to the side. "We have to go back down it again to start your training anyway!" He said with a wide grin.
Gray Ash and Zeno quit fighting and looked at the old man.
	"You've gotta be kidding me.." Gray Ash said reluctantly.
A few hours later, they got to the base of the mountain.
	"So what's the training?" Gray Ash asked, still tired from trying not to fall down the mountain again.
The old man put his hand to the ground, and conjured up a copy of himself.
	"You will each fight this, a clone of myself, one at a time."
Gray Ash remembered his training with Yellow Flower's copies. He cracked his knuckles.
	"Heh, this should be easy!" He said readily.
	"You there, dark hair." The old man pointed to Zeno. "What's your name?"
	"Zeno." Zeno answered.
	"Zeno..You'll fight first."
Zeno walked up to the clone, and crossed his arms, frowning. The copy of the old man held the two sticks at the ready. Allora watched intently, while Gray Ash looked off to the mountain.
	"Ready.." The old man said, raising one of the sticks. He looked from his copy to Zeno, then brought the stick down. "Begin!"
Zeno struck quickly and suddenly at the copy, who blocked his punch, and pushed him back. Zeno took out one of his daggers, and twirled it though his fingers.
	"Heh, I'll only need one knife to defeat this thing.." He said confidently. He jumped at the clone, slashing downwards, but the clone held the two sticks to block it, and threw him back in the air. The clone then jumped in the air, and hit Zeno square in the stomach with one of the sticks, then, flipping it's wrist, cracked one over Zeno's hand that held the knife. Zeno gritted his teeth at the pain, and kicked the clone back down to the ground. It got up, and held the sticks at the ready. Zeno landed, and focused Reau into his knife. The Reau came off the end a bit, legnthening it. He ran at the clone, then suddenly circled around it, and jumped up from behind, slashing the clone. The clone threw one of the sticks behind it, and caught it again, blocking Zeno's slash. Zeno's eyes widened at the clone's dexterity. Suddenly, the clone twisted around, and started to hit Zeno from every which way with the sticks, herding him almost. Zeno tried to block with the knife, but it wasn't enough. As the clone swooped over him, ready to deal the finishing hit, Zeno was forced to take out his second knife, and defend with both. He still crashed into the ground at the hit. Allora yelped, and Gray Ash laughed.
	"HEY ZENO!! I thought you said you only needed one knife!" Gray Ash called out mockingly. Allora punched him in the arm.
Suddenly, Zeno came dashing out of the dust at the clone, the Reau in his hand formed into the form of a claw, and slashed straight through the copy. As the clone fell apart, Zeno let the Reau in his hand evaporate.
Allora celebrated, while Gray Ash looked at the fallen clone, eye twitching.
	"Good." The old man said, arms crossed. He pointed to Allora. "Name?"
	"Allora." She said.
	"Allright, you're next." The old man said, and created another clone.
Allora walked out onto the field, and readied herself against the clone.
As the old man said "BEGIN!" Allora spun around, and swept her palm up. Metal rose from the ground in a curved wall. As Allora completed her spin, she punched forward, almost hitting the wall. Spikes of metal shot out at the clone, which jumped out of the way.
Gray Ash watched, awed, while Zeno busied himself with sharpening his knives.
Allora returned the wall to the ground, and ran at the clone, dragging up two blades of iron from the ground. She threw them both at the clone, who shifted it's weight to block both blades. As Allora neared, she jumped, and kicked at the copy. It blocked with the sticks, dodged underneath her, and slammed both sticks against her back, making her fall. She got up, and raised two spikes of metal. She jumped over the copy with a burst of Reau from her feet, and the spikes followed, creating two arcs of metal over the copy. It ran at Allora, who fashioned and pulled out a small sword of metal just before the clone struck. With her free hand, she swung her arm down, and spikes of metal rained down from the arc. The clone jumped back, and dodged all of the spikes, amazingly, then dashed back at Allora. Allora smiled, then raised up a small bit of metal, tripping the clone. The clone fell forward, and Allora pulled up a block of metal right where the clone's head was going to fall, and smashed it upwards. The clone fell down from above, and crashed into debris.
Gray Ash cheered, while Zeno didn't respond.
The old man nodded, and pointed to Gray Ash. "Name?"
	"Gray Ash!" He said, and raced out onto the field, ready to fight.
	"Ready..BEGIN!"
Gray Ash dashed at the copy, and swung crossways at it with his sword. The copy blocked with one of the sticks, and batted at Gray Ash's stomach with it. Gray Ash jumped backwards, and got his second wind. The clone rushed at him, but when it neared, it jumped over him, and attacked him from behind. The clone missed, Gray Ash ducking down, then elbowing the copy in the gut, sending it flying backwards a bit. Gray Ash ran over to the fallen clone, and raised his sword, about to bring it down. The copy suddenly jumped up, and smashed Gray Ash in the face with both sticks, making him fall down. The copy jumped on top of Gray Ash, and started to beat him with both sticks. Gray Ash blocked some of the hits, but still was getting beaten hard. Suddenly, Gray Ash felt a burning rage inside his chest. Each blow the clone struck added to this rage growing within him. Before Gray Ash knew it, the rage suddenly blasted out of him in a full-body Reau explosion, and a roar echoed through his mind. Gray Ash jumped up, and slashed rapidly at the clone, spinning and twisting, maximizing all of the sword's hits. He punched the clone in the face, then slashed downwards, blasting the clone into the ground. Gray Ash followed right behind it, and yelled as he fell though the dust and stabbed though the clone. It fell back to debris, and Gray Ash panted tiredly.
Zeno and Allora looked at him with awe.
The old man clapped once.
	"Good job, all three of you."
	"So who did the best?" Gray Ash's speech was muffled, his face bruised by the clone's barrage of hits.
	"Well..." The old man started. He pointed to Zeno. "You have a lot of rage within you, and you put it to use in battle." He pointed to Allora. "You're very flashy and a bit excentric with your Reau consumption, but keep it under control." He pointed to Gray Ash. "You overestimate your stregnth and take a lot of risks. That can be good in battle, but also dangerous." The old man started for the mountain again.
When they were all back up at the old man's house, the old man instructed the trio on where they would sleep.
They would sleep outside, getting closer to the house every day of training they completed. If they didn't complete that day's training, they'd sleep farther and farther down the mountainside. The old man went into the house as the sun set, and brought out tea.
	"So..What about dinner?" Gray Ash asked, stomach growling.	
	"Save your hunger for tomorrow's breakfast, it'll help in your training." The old man said.
	"Are you kidding?!" Gray Ash exclaimed. "We haven't had anything to eat in 3 days! And now you're giving us TEA?!"
	"Well we did have apples." Allora pointed out.
Gray Ash grumbled and gulped down his tea. Allora, Zeno, and the old man sipped theirs.
	"So," The old man started, putting down his tea. "Tell me about your past lives. I'd like to know more, to know what kind of training would fit you."
The old man looked to Gray Ash.
	"Well, my I used to live with my grandmother, Yellow Flower, at a small village. She was the only family I had left..But then Rasath's army of these Golem creatures destroyed my village and killed everyone in it...So that's why I'm on this quest to raise an army against Rasath.."
The old man nodded. He looked to Zeno.
Zeno looked up from his tea, and muttered "Pass.."
The old man nodded. He then looked to Allora.
	"Well I always lived in an elven village, that was destroyed the same way Gray Ash's was..From a young age I could control metal with my Reau, nothing else. That's..About all I can remember..I forgot a lot of things when the village was attacked...Might've hit my head."
The old man looked back to Zeno.
	"I said pass.." Zeno muttered again.
	"Yes, we passed you, for Allora's turn, now we're back to you." The old man said.
	"C'mon Zeno, it can't be THAT bad! Look and Allora and me, our home villages were destroyed, but we can still keep a good mood." Gray Ash said, pushing Zeno.
Zeno glared at Gray Ash, and gripped the cup of tea.
	"I said...Pass..."
	"Fine, fine, if you wanna be all mysterious and stuff about it.."
	"Well, allright, good night!" The old man got up carried the tea back inside.
Gray Ash yawned and laid down on the rocky surface of the plateau.
	"Ugghh...I'm never gonna get to sleep on this.." He said.
Allora looked over at him a few minutes later, expecting another complaint, only to see him fast asleep.
Zeno didn't lay down, but rather, sat in a meditative pose, and closed his eyes.
	"Zeno?" Allora said tentatively.
Zeno opened one eye.
	"What is it?"
	"Why aren't you laying down?"
	"I'm not sleeping on some hard rock..I'll ache like mad in the morning. That wouldn't be very good for training, would it?"
Allora giggled.
	"I suppose not." She said.
She got up, and started to meditate like Zeno, but soon drifted off to sleep. Zeno closed his eye, and went back into his trancelike mode.

							*****

	As birds chirped and the wind blew through the forest, a figure whipped through the branches, almost silent. He was in a black cloak with white lines in an intricate pattern on it. He was hooded, but it didn't mask the bandages around his mouth and nose. His thoughts were bleak, colorless. He was bred as a warrior with a unique Reau, that had never been seen before. His entire existance rotated around two things. Rasath's orders, and killing.
	The figure suddenly stopped, and crouched down. He put his hand to the ground, and waited. A few minutes later, he looked up again, his cruel eyes burning. He commenced running, faster than before, knowing he was even closer to reaching his goal.

							*****

	A fist was raised into the sky as the sun rose over the mountain, as a groan followed it. Gray Ash rolled over and pushed himself up.
	"My..Ba-ACK!" He groaned, popping his back multiple times.
Allora woke up as Gray Ash did, and got up with the same back pain. She looked around for Zeno, and saw he was punching the air nearby the path. Zeno looked over her way.
	"I told you.." He said, then turned back around.
	"He told you what?" Gray Ash said curiosly, leaning towards Allora.
	"Nothing." Allora said, pushing Gray Ash away.
The door on the old man's house opened, and he came out with a platter piled with food. He placed the platter down, and the trio eyed the food ravenously.
	"You are free to eat." The old man said.
	"Hurrah!" Gray Ash cheered, already stuffing two slices of bread with eggs and cheese. Allora piled food into her lap, and started eating, chewing quickly. Zeno walked over to the platter, and grabbed an apple, taking it back over to where he was punching the air.
	"So old man," Gray Ash said, chewing.
The old man's eyes narrowed.
	"That's Honourable Man of The Mountain to you, Gray Ash!" He said angrily, pointing one of the sticks at him.
	"Allright whatever old man.." Gray Ash said quietly. "Anyways, what's today's training?"
	"Cleaning the garden." The old man said nonchalantly.
Gray Ash choked on his breakfast.
	"What?!"
	"Really? Tidying up a garden..?" Allora said exasperatedly.
	"Are..You serious?" Zeno said, looking over at the old man.
	"Why wouldn't I be?" The old man said, still calm. "Hard labor like that will definately train you for battle.."
	"But..But.." Gray Ash stuttered.
	"So what part of this garden will we clean up?" Allora asked.
	"I'll assign your parts once we finish breakfast."
	"Ugh.." Gray Ash grumbled.
After breakfast, the old man led the trio to the garden behind the house.
He pointed to the patch of potatoes.
	"Gray Ash, you will tend to the potato patch."
He pointed to the rows of herbs.
	"Allora, you'll get the herbs."
He pointed to the chicken coop.
	"Zeno, you'll tend to the chickens."
The three sighed, and went to their different works.
Gray Ash yawned, bored, and walks back and forth among the potatoes, watering randomly. Allora watered the herbs, and Zeno cleaned out the chicken's coop.
Their jobs took up the entire day, and by sunset, the three were exhausted.
As they sat around the fire, waiting for the old man to bring out their dinner, Allora couldn't help but scoot away from Zeno, who smelled like the chicken coop. In doing so, she scooted closer to Gray Ash. Gray Ash looked at her, surprised, and grinned.
Allora's eyes widened and she scrambled away.
	"What were you thinking?!" She screamed.
	"Wh-What?!" Gray Ash stuttered.
Zeno smirked and looked away.
	"Time to eat!" The old man said suddenly, appearing out of nowhere, and putting down the platter. The trio eyed the food hungrily.
Gray Ash reached for a steamed potato, when he realized that it was dirty and shrunken.
	"Eheh..Uh..Old man..I think you might've cooked a bad potato.." Gray Ash said.
	"Hm?" The old man looked up. "Oh no, Gray Ash, you took care of the potatoes, didn't you?"
Zeno laughed into his elbow, and picked up some lettuce.
	"So will we have to clean up the garden tomorrow too..?" Allora asked hesitantly.
	"You could.." the old man answered.
Allora sighed.
	"But.."
She looked back up.
	"You could always find a new way to do it.."
	"A new way?" Allora said curiosly. "Like what?"
	"Well if I told you, it wouldn't be much training, would it?" the old man said, grinning.
	"You really like making this tougher for us, don't you?" Allora said exasperatedly.
The trio sighed as they finished up their breakfast, then set about their work, Gray Ash taking special care to make sure the potatoes were taken care of.
	At about midday, Gray Ash looked up from his work, and, blocking his eyes from the sun, looked around. As he was surveying, he noticed the old man by the path leading down the mountain. The old man was throwing excess rubble off the plateau.
	"Eh..Am I seeing things?" He said hesitantly. He saw two..No; three old men throwing rocks off the plateau. He suddenly remembered his training with Yellow Flower. She had created a clone of herself out of leaves and twigs. Suddenly, it clicked in his head. He could use the clones to help with the work! And that was what the old man was talking about during breakfast!
	"Ahah!!!" Gray Ash exclaimed.
	"What is it?" Allora asked, standing up and stretching.
	"I figured out the old man's hint!"
	"Eh?"
	"We create clones! Like he's doing over there!"
Allora looked over to the old man, right as he kicked the clones off the cliff, as they were made of rubble also.
	"WHAT?! We make clones and kick them off the cliff??" she exclaimed. "How will that help us with garden work..."
	"Wh..What?" Gray Ash said confusedly.
Zeno walked out of the chicken coop.
	"What're you guys yelling about..?" He said exasperatedly. He looked over to the old man. "Oh, that."
	"So..Do any of you guys know how to make clones?" Allora asked.
Gray Ash and Zeno shook their heads.
	"Well..I know the gist of it." Gray Ash said. "I guess you just filter your Reau into a bunch of twigs and leaves and stuff, and think of an image of yourself?"
	"Okay.." Allora said, crouching, and putting her hand on the ground. She filtered her Reau into the ground, and it spread out to collect into rocks. The rocks and pebbles started to tumble towards her hand. They collected into a pile, and her Reau started to wear away at the pebbles. It formed into what looked like a voodoo doll of herself.
	"Uh.." She said.
	"I don't think you got enough stones there.." Gray Ash said.