As the moon in the clear sky shone down on the great forest that layed over the land, a breeze blew by, whispering incohereantly. The trees rustled, and the leaves cackled wickedly. Every living being was asleep in it's den, as it should be; except two humans. Gray Ash and Zeno had left their camp late at night, and had met up in the large clearing. Another breeze blew past. Gray Ash and Zeno locked eyes, and anger tainted the air.
Gray Ash got into a fighting position.
"You ready..?" He asked, slight rage in his eyes.
Zeno said nothing, but his annoyed expression betrayed his cool manner.
Gray Ash gritted his teeth.
"I suppose this will decide which of us are the stronger.." Zeno said monotonously.
Gray Ash knew it was much more than that. It would prove who would get Allora, and prove who would lead the army they had raised.

Gray Ash then sprinted at Zeno, who quickly loaded his bow, and shot a Reau-surrounded arrow at Gray Ash. 
Gray Ash easily dodged, and the arrow blew up in the undergrowth behind him.
Zeno then took out his knife disguised in his quiver. He blocked Gray Ash's slash, but was being slowly pushed back by him.
Gray Ash yelled, and shot a small explosion of Reau out from his sword. This blasted Zeno back, who loaded his bow with three arrows.
He shot them all at once at the oncoming Gray Ash, who blocked two and dodged the last one. Zeno then ran towards Gray Ash.
They collided blades, throwing sparks everywhere.

"You know you're no match for me.." Zeno said with malice.
"Are you kidding? I'm way stronger than you'll ever be!!" Gray Ash yelled, and then put extra pressure on his sword, and blasted Zeno almost a mile backwards with an intense Reau slash.
Zeno regained his balance, and immediately started to shoot dozens of arrows at Gray Ash, who was running with great speed at him.
Gray Ash dodged a few, deflected some, but still was hit in the arm and the leg. He ran on regardless.
Slashing quickly, Gray Ash managed to get a few grazing hits on Zeno, who was dodging expertly and blocking with his knife.
Zeno then flashed out, and flashed back in a ways back. He closed his eyes.

"Is...He meditating..?" Gray Ash thought.
"I sense great, dark power rising up from within him.." The Forest Spirit answered back.
Suddenly, Zeno's Reau started to course into the sky. It went from it's original dark blue to tainted black. He opened his eyes, and they were completely grey with a black spot in the middle.
"How do you like my new move?!" Zeno shouted at Gray Ash.
He then got up, and closed one eye.
The other started to charge up Reau in a ball. Gray Ash prepared to flash out.

Suddenly, the ball of Reau fell in upon itself, and was shot forward in a huge arc. Gray Ash flashed out, but was unable to get out of range.
The beam hit him full force, blasting him backwards. Gray Ash opened his eyes, and felt around him. He had lost his sword, and was on the ground.
He then realized he couldn't see.
Gray Ash felt around his face.
"Am..I blind?!" He said outloud in terror. "Zeno..How could yo-" He was cut off by Zeno stabbing both of his legs with the knife. Gray Ash screamed in pain, and tried to get up. He was kicked in the face by Zeno.
"You're...Really planning to kill me.." Gray Ash said, wiping blood from his mouth weakly.
Zeno said nothing, but suddenly flashed out and flashed back in a ways away.
Gray Ash was steadily getting up on his mauled legs.
"You..Must help me.." thought Gray Ash.
"If I must.." Said the Forest Spirit. It gave him around half of it's power.

Gray Ash's Reau condensed around him in the form of a wolf, and he charged at Zeno at speeds unseen to any but his Reau-filled eyes.
Gray Ash clawed downward, as Zeno dodged.
Zeno dodged all of Gray Ash's lightning fast strikes at speeds of no other.

Suddenly, Zeno saw an opening. He blocked with his knife, and punched Gray Ash full force in the stomach. He immediately pulled back.
Zeno looked down at his hand that he had hit Gray Ash with. Small plants were taking root into his skin. The same was happening to his knife. He tore off the plants with a yell, and took out 3 arrows. He jumped into the air with a Reau burst, and started to shoot the arrows downwards in scores. Gray Ash blocked his face, and growled at Zeno.

As the arrows flew downwards, Gray Ash filtered Reau into his hands, which he put in front of him.
He started to form a ball of Reau, that started to spin all different directions. By this time, Zeno hit the ground, and knew what Gray Ash was planning.
Zeno started to filter Reau into his hands, forming a spiral of Reau.
Gray Ash's wolf cloak of Reau filtered into the sphere of energy between his hands, and Zeno's eyes slowly returned to normal as every bit of Reau he had was focused into the one attack.

They both then focused the sphere and spiral into one hand, and then sped towards each other.
"Reau...FIST!!" Gray Ash yelled.
"Reau...CLAW!!" yelled Zeno.
They collided in a jump, and the clash blew everything in the area down.

Lightning sparked by the energy of the clash buzzed around the air, while a tempest of wind was emanated.
Suddenly, the clash exploded into a giant sunlike ball. It then erupted into a huge inferno. This sent both Gray Ash and Zeno flying opposite directions at intense speeds.

Gray Ash slammed into trees though the forest, while Zeno skidded across the ground, trying to regain his balance.
Gray Ash then hit a rock protruding from the ground, was sent flying, and slammed into a rock face, creating a huge crater.
Zeno got up slowly, looking at the path of devestation that had been created. He squinted and saw the dust cloud where Gray Ash had hit disperse. There was immediately another explosion, and then a path of dust rose up in the path of destruction that Gray Ash had been sent down.
Zeno filtered Reau to his eyes, and saw Gray Ash clearly. He took a step back.
Gray Ash was fully transformed into the Forest Spirit.