The face in the sky smiled wickedly, and sent tendrils down to the ground. They immediatly started to form themselves into humanoid forms.
Gray Ash and Silver Wolf started to run at the forms, but when they got closer, they saw they were immeasureably outnumbered.
There were thousands of them; hundreds of thousands of Rasaths, everywhere, expanding out of sight.
Silver wolf extended his arms, then clapped them together in front of him. He then started to filter his Reau into a perfect clone of himself.
"You HAD to leave the fighting to me??" Gray Ash asked between attacks.
"This clone is just to see how many there are, not for fighting." Silver Wolf answered.
Silver Wolf then grabbed his clone's arm, and swung it around, throwing it into the air and far away with a Reau burst.
He then commenced slicing and stabbing at the oncoming Rasaths.

A few minutes later, Silver Wolf stopped, eyes wide, and said "Gray Ash...My clone...It fell into the army of Rasaths...From the information I gathered, they expand without end."
"So it seems Rasath really is invincible here..." Gray Ash said. "...I wonder though...Why does the giant face of Rasath remain in the sky? I mean, it's obvious it couldn't do much down here, but still...Out of reach.."
"Could it be his weak spot?"
"I didn't know such things existed in minds."
"Heh, you'd be surprised what I've found searching in my own mind in here."

Silver Wolf then beckoned to Gray Ash. "Over here! I'll send you up to the face to see if your attacks have any effect!"
Gray Ash ran to Silver Wolf, who put the knifes next to each other, let Gray Ash step on them, and then flung them skyward.
Gray Ash held his sword at the ready, waiting for the right moment.

The face looked down upon him. "Hah! I AM the sky, you cannot make it to me though sheer manpower!"
Gray Ash smiled, and shot Reau from his feet in small bursts, creating small semi-solid platforms that existed only for a second.
Gray Ash continued on this course as he neared closer and closer.

The face showed contempt, then started to spit out black comets, that came within an inch of Gray Ash.
He kept avoiding though, changing his foot direction to dash around the comets.
The face then looked up, charged a huge fireball, and spit a comet as big as a planet at Gray Ash.
"What the-" Gray Ash started to say, but was cut off as it hit him.

Gray Ash could do nothing, he was at the very front of the comet, hurtling groundwards at hundreds of miles per hour.
The comet crashed into the ground, sending debris everywhere. Silver Wolf was hit by a huge chunk of it.

Gray Ash slowly opened his eyes, feeling pain everywhere. He then immediatly realized he couldn't move any of his limbs. He looked around, and saw that he was being slowly pulled into the ground by menacing tendrils of darkness.
"SILVER WOLF!!" He yelled, while trying to release even a tiny bit of Reau. He couldn't.
Silver Wolf was struggling to get up, bloodied and bruised. He saw Gray Ash being pulled in, and immediatly tried to run toward him, but his legs failed, and he fell again.
Gray Ash held his breath as only his head remained above ground. Silver Wolf got to his knees, just in time to see Gray Ash's face be pulled beneath the surface.
"NO!!!" He cried. He knew what being pulled under the surface meant. The person's psyche would be robbed of it's Reau, rendering it a dull shell. The course would only take a minute.

Silver Wolf then stood up, giving no regards to his multiple wounds. He then proceeded to cross his arms in front of him, and started charging up a massive amount of Reau.

"Rasath...Do you know what happens..When a person sacrifices their body for Reau?"
The face looked down at Silver Wolf. "Yes...It gives them immense power in their mind...and gives the mind a slight physical form..."
"Did you ever wonder what would happen if someone sacrificed...Their mind..For Reau?"
The face grimaced in fright. Silver Wolf was going to use a suicide attack.
"A body is simply matter, a shell for the soul. But what about the mind? Is it more than matter? The human element...What amount of Reau would be given as payment for that?"
Silver Wolf then looked down, and whispered "Goodbye...My friends..."
He then extended his arms out to either side, and looked up at Rasath.

"I'll take your mind to hell with me..." He spat at him.
A whiteish orb condensed around Silver Wolf, which started to expand, and get bigger, eventually filling up so much space that the face had to back away farther up.
"TAKE ME!! NOT GRAY ASH!!" Silver Wolf screamed. "Believe me...He has much more of a chance to finally end your life than me...AND I TRUST! THAT! HE! WILL!!!"
The white orb then imploded into Silver Wolf, and exploded to twice it's size. Everything was annaialated by the intense explosion.

Outside Rasath's mind, he screamed in pain.
Gray Ash suddenly gasped for air, and coughed, getting his wind back.
Rasath's mind was on fire, his whole psyche being destroyed at once. He slowly lost the ability to think.

Gray Ash watched in horror as Rasath's eyes began to shine, and the black flames that surrounded him filtered through his head. Rasath's own mind was being replaced by pure darkness.
When all the flames were gone, Rasath fell to the ground. Gray Ash slowly got up, and transformed back into his Elven-Forest Spirit mode.
"What happened to you?" The Spirit asked within Gray Ash's mind.
"I..Just met an old friend..That's all.." Gray Ash returned.
Rasath then flashed out, and flashed back in farther away, dark sword in hand.
"Let us...Complete this fight...Shall we?" He asked, a strange calm over his voice.
"Nothing would make me happier.." Gray Ash said, readying himself.
Gray Ash then ran at Rasath, who got into a parrying position.
Gray Ash sliced low, Rasath countered by jumping back with only his legs, and slashing at head level.
Gray Ash moved his head to the side, and spun around to slice Rasath from the side. Rasath held his sword over his head, countering while throwing Gray Ash off balance.
Rasath then brought his sword down, right as Gray Ash jumped backwards, out of range of the battle.
Gray Ash then let the rage of the Forest Spirit take over, and flashed out of existance.
Gray Ash flashed back in above Rasath, and then shot a tornado of energy straight down on him.
Rasath sneered at the raging tempest decending upon him, and simply pointed one finger at the tornado, and it disapated.
Gray Ash flashed out and in back on the ground, a couple meters from Rasath.
"This is a losing battle Gray Ash...We cannot defeat him, even like this.." The Forest Spirit said within Gray Ash.
"I know..But what else can we d-" Gray Ash was cut off.

"Do you know what happened to Silver Wolf in my mind before you escaped, Gray Ash?" Rasath said.
Gray Ash was silent, in a defensive pose.
"Heh...He sacrificed his mind for almost limitless Reau, and made it explode within my mind."
Gray Ash's eyes widened, and his mouth opened, but he was unable to speak.
"Luckily, as soon as he had started to charge up the Reau needed, I had already started to replace my mind with darkness." Rasath said to Gray Ash in a mocking voice. "Heh, all he did was destroy the darkness and the remaining sanity I had left! He died for nothing!! HAHAH!! ISN'T THAT PRECIOUS!?"
Gray Ash gritted his teeth together. "That's not true...It can't be true.." He said. "Silver Wolf's just fighting you mentally right now...I know he is.."

Memories of times with Silver Wolf, fighting together, laughing, flooded Gray Ash's mind. They all seemed to disapate from his mind as it sank in. Silver Wolf; one of his first friends, had died. A tear slowly fell from Gray Ash's downturned face.

"Heh...You really believe that? What reason would I have to li-" Rasath's sentance was cut off by Gray Ash stabbing through him from behind.
Rasath looked down at the sword sticking though his stomach, and laughed. "I can't feel any pain, you fool. My mind is made of darkness! Any wound I take now will be replaced with darkness.."

Gray Ash slashed outwards, and parried Rasath's sword and the oncoming flames at once.
Rasath looked into Gray Ash's eyes for a moment, and saw a rage unlike any other. He took a step back.
"First..You killed my father.." Gray Ash said quietly, dueling quickly with Rasath. He suddenly jumped back, and came in from the side, hitting Rasath's sword extremely hard. In the split second it took for Rasath to return a blow, Gray Ash had stabbed him from the side.
"Then..You killed my mother!" Gray Ash slashed the sword violently out, parried Rasath's swing, and slashed though one of his legs.
"Then..Yellow Flower!!" He then got close to the ground, spun around Rasath, who was starting to breath hard. Gray Ash then cut upwards, slicing through Rasath's other arm.
Gray Ash's Reau flared a blinding white and silver, that shot far into the sky in a swirling pillar.
"AND NOW....SILVER WOLF!!!" Gray Ash screamed. He spun violently, and slashed straight through Rasath's midsection.

The two halves of Rasath fell to the ground, a look of terror on Rasath's face.
Gray Ash let his guard down slowly, breathing hard.

Suddenly, the two halves of Rasath started to connect to each other with black tendrils of flame.
Rasath's torn body slowly got up, and he smiled wickedly.

"No...No!!" Gray Ash yelled. "Will you ever just die?!"
"Hm..I don't think I feel like it today Gray Ash.." Rasath said casually.

Rasath then ran at Gray Ash, who was on his last legs, exhausted and almost out of Reau.
Gray Ash barely blocked all of Rasath's blows.
Rasath suddenly swung downwards toward the ground, and then swung swiftly back upwards.
Gray Ash parried, but was blown into the sky by the power of the hit.

"This is it...Do or die." Gray Ash thought. He quickly got his balance back in the air, and shot out his remaining Reau from his feet.
Holding his sword in front of him, he flew downwards.

Putting all of his rage into one hit, he collided with Rasath's sword, and area around them was blown flat by the intense Reau clash.
"RASATH!!!" Gray Ash yelled.
Rasath stayed silent, but still gritted his teeth by the intense pressure of Gray Ash's assault.

The collision blew up a tornado of energy, mixed with black flames. The land seemed to shake with the intense pressure of power that was colliding.

Suddenly, Rasath screamed, and black flames, dark as night, took over the explosion of Reau between the two.
The ground cracked with power as the clash exploded into a gigantic spherical blast.

Gray Ash was blown far into the sky. Rasath stood in the crater where he had collided with Gray Ash, breathing hard.
A couple seconds later, Gray Ash came falling back down, barely concious. He slammed against the ground, rendering him immobilized.
Rasath regained his composure, and walked over to Gray Ash, a sneer playing around his lips.