Gray Ash ran through the field of war, having just defeated 5 copies of himself, each with a stregnth somewhere, and a weakness somewhere else, summoned by Rasath. He saw Rasath standing farther away, around 50 feet, meditating.
"Heh...Gotcha now.." Gray Ash said under his breath.
Suddenly, Rasath was engulfed in black, slow moving flames. Gray Ash stopped, and brought up his sword to defend.
The flames shot out in deadly spikes at Gray Ash out of nowhere. Gray Ash deflected a few with his sword, barely managing to avoid some of them.
Gray Ash then went into his Pure Elven mode, and moved so fast as to skip out of light.
He then appeared behind Rasath, and almost stabbed him though with his sword, but Rasath fired a burst from his black flames, shooting Gray Ash away into the air.
Gray Ash got his balance back as he started to come down, and started to create two discs in his hands; one of fire, one of water.
When the discs got to twice the size of him, he threw both of them at Rasath.
"TAKE THIS!!!" He yelled.
Rasath simply created a sword from the dark flames, and countered each with a yell and a well-aimed swipe from his sword.
"Is this all you can do..?" He asked, laughing slightly.
Gray Ash held his sword in front of him as he landed on the ground.
"Let some of me out at him, Gray Ash..." said the Forest Energy inside him. "Use my power.."
"No!" Gray Ash thought. "I need to save you for later..."
Gray Ash then put his hand to the ground, channeling his Reau into the ground to put together twigs, stones, and dirt to create 3 copies of himself. He sent them off at Rasath to keep his attention away from himself.
Gray Ash then sat down on the ground, and meditated, while silverish Reau flowed around him.
"These are getting annoying...!" Rasath said, fighting the copies at once.
"HYAA!!" He yelled as he extended his arms, and created a sphere of black fire; a condensed explosion. For the copies that were out of range, he sent out spikes of dark fire to spear them though. They collapsed back to the matter they were.
Rasath then sprinted at Gray Ash.
He couldn't let him get into his Elven Mode, else he was outdone in speed.
As Rasath neared, he raised his sword, and said "THIS IS THE END FOR YOU, GRAY ASH!!"
Gray Ash exploded with intense energy, and opened his eyes. They were angular, with the pupils smaller than normal.
Gray Ash flashed out of existence for a moment, then crashed into Rasath with intense speed. Rasath's arm flew off his body, slashed from it's parent by Gray Ash's sword, and he screamed in pain.
As Rasath fell to the ground, the dark flames started to replace his arm with an exact copy. Gray Ash stood over him, then flashed backwards. Rasath stood up, head down.
Rasath then started to laugh. Quietly at first, then louder, and louder; until it was a maniacal screech that pierced the souls of anyone near enough to hear it. Rasath looked up, his eyes that of a madman.
The ground then shook with power as Rasath flashed in and out of existance multiple times, barely missing Gray Ash, who dodged out of the way just in time.
Suddenly, Rasath was everywhere, coming from every angle and trajectory. There was a flash of metal on darkness, and Allora was in front of Gray Ash, Zeno in the back.
"What are you guys doing her-" Gray Ash started to say, but was cut off by Rasath's countless attacks.
Rasath was slashing the air so violently that it sent a sharp gust of wind from every angle.
"We have to get out of here!" Gray Ash said over the turbulance.
"You think we don't know that?!" Zeno yelled back.
"THIS ISN'T THE TIME FOR YOU TO BE SMAR-" Gray Ash started to say.
"I have an idea!" Allora said, as she created a metal orb around them.
Rasath flashed into place in front of it.
Allora then condensed the ground inside the orb, and pushed other earth out of the way to move theirs along.
Rasath pointed his index and middle finger at the orb of metal, and caught it on black fire, melting it instantly, only to find a hole in the middle of it.
"Grr.." Rasath growled.
He then crossed his arms in front of himself, and condensed energy within his hands.
A couple seconds later, he extended his arms, and let out a great scream, and there was a huge explosion! Everything in the area was dececrated to a flatland. Allora, Gray Ash, and Zeno were blasted into the air, then fell back down.
Gray Ash looked up, dazed, and saw Zeno laying on the ground, unconcious. He looked the other way, and saw Allora in the same way.
Suddenly, Rasath stood over him.
Sneering, he raised his sword.
Gray Ash searched for his sword, but it had been flung away during the explosion.
Rasath brought down the sword as Gray Ash tried to roll away.
It struck Gray Ash straight in the chest.
Gray Ash let out a gasp for air, eyes bulging, as he slipped out of conciousness.
Gray Ash's last thing he saw was Allora lying on the ground, bruised up, and unconcious.
Rasath pulled out his sword, and started to walk towards Allora.
"This war should be easy to win now..."
Suddenly, Gray Ash was surrounded by blue-gray Reau, that shot half a mile into the sky.
Rasath turned back, stunned at the immense power.
As Gray Ash slowly stood up, the Reau condensed into the image of a wolf.
"No...No!!" Rasath said as his worst fears were realized.
The Forest Spirit had escaped!!