After Rasath destroyed his home village, travelling merchants came across the town. They heard moaning coming from one of the roads. They went over to the road, and found a collapsed child. One of the merchants took the child in, and brought him to the small village of Nithran. Rasath lived in the village for a few years, and eventually got into the training school.
Rasath loved to learn. He stayed long after the hunting classes to get tips from the teachers, trying his best to leave his past behind.
As Rasath aged though, his mind started to develop beyond his body. He began to prophosize things in very intricate ways. He could think up hundreds of solutions to puzzles and problems in his mind. Eventually, he formed a rivalry between one of his trainers. The trainer's name was White Leaf, and he was revered as one of the best strategists in the village. He found Rasath to be a dangerous prodigy, that could take his job and title easily. Rasath found White Leaf to be an annoyingly arrogant, yet smart, official.
As the rivalry slowly grew more heated, the elders paired the two up for more one on one training; trying to get them to understand each other.

One day, during battle training, the two got into an argument.
"One thousand men is not overnumbering your troops to five hundred, Rasath!" White Leaf said with impatience.
"It's extremely outnumbering. It's showing that you need twice the number of troops to take out a force much smaller than yourself." Rasath said evenly back.
"It's making sure your enemy is defeated!"
"It's senseless killing!"
"You mean like you did to your home village?!" White Leaf yelled at Rasath.
Rasath's eyes widened, and in a rage, he ran at White Leaf, who, in the spur of the moment, lashed out.
Rasath was blasted backward by a small Reau explosion.
"Rasath!!" White Leaf screamed in a panic. "I..didn't mean to...I.." He stuttered.
Rasath slowly got up, holding his cut arm in his other hand. He looked down at it, and suddenly, thoughts flew into his mind.
The thoughts grew off each other in his mind, eventually forming the reason that the village had sent White Leaf to kill him.
Darkness suddenly flew up from around Rasath, and replaced his arm, then died back down again.
"Wh..What was that..?" White Leaf said hesitantly.
Rasath tested out his healed arm, with a small smile on his face. He looked at White Leaf.
"I think.." He said slowly. "That you've seen too much.." He cocked his head to the side, with the same smile on his lips. White Leaf took a step back.
Suddenly, darkness slowly rose from the ground around Rasath.
"What..What are you?!" yelled White Leaf.
Rasath's simplistic, innocent eyes and smile started to turn darker and more evil.
Suddenly, the darkness exploded into a gigantic black blaze.
Rasath let out a horrifying screech of laughter, and shot out dozens of sharp spikes of darkness at White Leaf.
White Leaf barely managed to dodge all of them, but when those spikes sprouted more, he wasn't ready. A spike slashed across his eye.
White Leaf flashed out, and flashed back in a ways away, blocking his cut eye. He took out his katana, and got into a defensive position, ready to flash out again anytime.
Rasath looked at the trees beside the training area, and sent out tendrils of darkness to pick them up, while sending three to attack White Leaf.
"Why are you doing this, Rasath?!" White Leaf yelled.
"I know you and the village have conspired to kill me.." Rasath said in a menacing tone, face down, eyes looking up at White Leaf.
"W..What? We would never do that!" White Leaf said.
"Such lies..." Rasath murmured. The tendrils of darkness threw the trees at White Leaf, who slashed them in half.
"If you're against the village..Then it's my job to defend it.." He said quietly. "You never belonged here...I always knew!"
Rasath's composure broke, and he let his rage out. He sent all but one of the dark tendrils at White Leaf, who took dozens of scratches. The remaining one dug underground, invisible behind the commotion.
"He's not aiming directly for me.." White Leaf thought. He then yelled at Rasath. "Hahah! Are you going easy on me?! It seems you still have feelings for m-" He was cut off mid sentance, stabbed through the midsection by the spike of darkness that had traveled underground. He looked down at the blood seeping from the horrible wound, and looked back up at Rasath, who had regained his cool expression.
White Leaf fell to the ground, dead, with a look of horror upon his face.

Rasath then traveled back to the village, concealing the darkness in his shadow. The villagers greeted him happily. He saw it as a ruse.
Darkness shot out from his shadow, killing all who confronted him. The more people he killed, the more enraged he became. He shot darkness into the sky, and then brought it down again to form into red eyed rock Golems. They destroyed everything in their path as the villagers tried desperately to destroy them.
While the villagers were taken up with the Golems, Rasath headed to the main building. He stopped in front of the steps. Quiet rage blurred his young eyes, and he sent darkness underground, which pooled into a giant hand. He then lifted the whole building with the gigantic dark hand. People fell out of the windows to their deaths, while the elders held onto the poles.
"I shall not die.." Rasath said in a whisper; and with that, he crushed the building with the iron grasp of the hand.
As the red sun set that day, the final screams and crashes died out of the village forever. Rasath walked away, not a scratch nor bruise on his body. He was a different person. That day was the day, when Rasath..Became Rasath.