50 years ago, a boy named Rasath was born in a village with a government at war.
Terrorists attacked randomly throughout the village, causing even more trouble for the government.
When Rasath was 3 years old, his house was hit by a terrorist suicide bomber. Everything in the general area was flattened. Rasath's father died, protecting his mother, and she couldn't find him in the rubble.
Rasath was left unconcious in the remains of his house, while his mother went to the governial facility for attacked citizens.

The government decided to round up the remaining citizens, and abandon the city to it's doom.
Rasath, who was not found, was left behind.
When he awoke, he fought his way out of the rubble. He looked around at the desicrated land, unaware that it was mostly deserted.
Rasath wandered around for hours, finally collapsing with weariness.

A roving gang of leftovers soon found him, and brought him to their camp.
He lived with the gang for 2 years, learning how to survive on his own; but also learning that teamwork is the key to survival.
One day, as Rasath came back from gathering remaining resources, he noticed the camp was strangely quiet. He slowed down to a walk, and looked around.
He saw the campfire, and the gangmembers lying down around it.
"That's weird..Why are they sleeping?" He thought.
As he neared closer, he saw a figure behind the fire. It was the leader of the gang, Takamura Numona.
"Why..is..everyone sleeping?" Rasath asked him.
Takamura looked up, and smiled grimly.
"Oh..Hello Rasath..Looks like you made it here just in time.."
"Takamura..?"

Rasath then saw Takamura covered in blood, holding two scythes whose blades bent back to follow his arm's movements.
"Looks like I'll have to finish you off too.."
Rasath screamed and fell backwards in terror. All of his friends were dead, killed by the man he trusted the most.

"Why..Why are you doing this?!" Rasath gasped.
"Simply because one person can survive longer than five.."
Rasath's mouth moved, but no words came out.
"The others agreed to this too...We planned to take you out first.." said Takamura.
"No...No! That's not true!!"
"Yes, Rasath, it is."
Takamura then started to laugh maniacally.
"NO ONE EVERY LOVED YOU!!" He yelled. "NOT EVEN YOUR OWN MOTHER!! SHE LEFT WITHOUT A SECOND THOUGHT OF YOU!!"
Rasath got on his knees, and looked to the ground.
"None of us in the gang loved you either...You were just another mouth to feed to us, USELESS!!!"

Takamura then ran at Rasath, raising one of the scythes.
Memories flashed though Rasath's head.
Takamura smiling at him, telling him that teamwork is the key to survival.
Takamura protecting him in a terrorist attack.
Takamura bandaging him up when he got hurt.
Had it all been a lie?

As Takamura neared, Rasath suddenly lifted his head, black flames and rage in his eyes.
He threw his head skyward, and screamed.
He screamed in agony, in grief, in pain. He had been betrayed by everyone he knew since he was born.
Black flames erupted around him, then exploded into an inferno that covered the whole village.
Takamura never had time to scream. He was burned away to ash in seconds.

Rasath continued screaming; and sobbing. The tears were burned away a second after they appeared.
The flames then started to filter into his head, all going into one place, forming a seal that controlled his power.
Rasath looked around at the destroyed landscape in a blurred daze, then fell to the ground, passed out.
All that was left of the village was a burnt scar on the earth.